The images show a group of men that detectives want to question.	There is no causality between The and question..	1
The images show a group of men that detectives want to question.	The is the reason of question..	0
The developmental bureaucracy has come into being.	There is no causality between The and being..	1
The developmental bureaucracy has come into being.	The is the reason of being..	0
NASA Kepler mission sends names into space.	There is no causality between NASA and space..	1
NASA Kepler mission sends names into space.	NASA is the reason of space..	0
The chassis of the truck has two wooden beams fixed to it, which carry the body framework; two monorails.	There is no causality between The and monorails..	1
The chassis of the truck has two wooden beams fixed to it, which carry the body framework; two monorails.	The is the reason of monorails..	0
By the late 1980s, however, the Bank was caught up in the debt crisis in the developing world caused by the recession and the dramatic rise in interest rates.	the dramatic rise instigated by the debt crisis	1
By the late 1980s, however, the Bank was caught up in the debt crisis in the developing world caused by the recession and the dramatic rise in interest rates.	the debt crisis instigated by the dramatic rise	0
Intuitively stack is visualized as indeed a stack of objects.	There is no causality between Intuitively and objects..	1
Intuitively stack is visualized as indeed a stack of objects.	Intuitively is the reason of objects..	0
Northern Michigan towns hosts an array of Yuletide events.	There is no causality between Northern and events..	1
Northern Michigan towns hosts an array of Yuletide events.	Northern is the reason of events..	0
This book has transported readers into ancient times.	There is no causality between This and times..	1
This book has transported readers into ancient times.	This is the reason of times..	0
Brake cable anchor bolts are the most important fasteners on a bicycle.	There is no causality between Brake and bicycle..	1
Brake cable anchor bolts are the most important fasteners on a bicycle.	Brake is the reason of bicycle..	0
Instead of "dominance" and "submission", he uses the terms "assertiveness" and "passiveness" to reflect the role of the wolf in the pack.	There is no causality between Instead and pack..	1
Instead of "dominance" and "submission", he uses the terms "assertiveness" and "passiveness" to reflect the role of the wolf in the pack.	Instead is the reason of pack..	0
When opened to its tote bag form, it looks like a unsubstantial tote bag with a compartment for the umbrella.	There is no causality between When and umbrella..	1
When opened to its tote bag form, it looks like a unsubstantial tote bag with a compartment for the umbrella.	When is the reason of umbrella..	0
Characters native to the African continent have been depicted in comics since the beginnings of the modern comic strip.	There is no causality between Characters and strip..	1
Characters native to the African continent have been depicted in comics since the beginnings of the modern comic strip.	Characters is the reason of strip..	0
The big fish has been pushed into the deeper sea.	There is no causality between The and sea..	1
The big fish has been pushed into the deeper sea.	The is the reason of sea..	0
The scientist enclosed a liquid material in a vial in three steps.	There is no causality between The and steps..	1
The scientist enclosed a liquid material in a vial in three steps.	The is the reason of steps..	0
The army of Israel was utterly defeated and its camp ransacked, which terribly augmented the horrors and disasters of the rout of Saul's army.	There is no causality between The and army..	1
The army of Israel was utterly defeated and its camp ransacked, which terribly augmented the horrors and disasters of the rout of Saul's army.	The is the reason of army..	0
Take medicine to reduce sneezing and coughing from allergies.	allergies instigated by coughing	1
Take medicine to reduce sneezing and coughing from allergies.	coughing instigated by allergies	0
Gavin wears a kilt for the outing.	There is no causality between Gavin and outing..	1
Gavin wears a kilt for the outing.	Gavin is the reason of outing..	0
A large marble was dropped into the bowl.	There is no causality between A and bowl..	1
A large marble was dropped into the bowl.	A is the reason of bowl..	0
This issue has been covered in greater detail in many other documents about network abuse.	There is no causality between This and abuse..	1
This issue has been covered in greater detail in many other documents about network abuse.	This is the reason of abuse..	0
Wave crests are blown into the froth.	There is no causality between Wave and froth..	1
Wave crests are blown into the froth.	Wave is the reason of froth..	0
As Vinay collapsed in pain, the villagers poured acid into his eyes.	There is no causality between As and eyes..	1
As Vinay collapsed in pain, the villagers poured acid into his eyes.	As is the reason of eyes..	0
The implant is placed into the jaw bone.	There is no causality between The and bone..	1
The implant is placed into the jaw bone.	The is the reason of bone..	0
The research, performed at the Kyoto Prefectural University of Medicine, has been presented at a medical meeting in Japan.	There is no causality between The and Japan..	1
The research, performed at the Kyoto Prefectural University of Medicine, has been presented at a medical meeting in Japan.	The is the reason of Japan..	0
He poured flour into the tuba of an orchestra collegue.	There is no causality between He and collegue..	1
He poured flour into the tuba of an orchestra collegue.	He is the reason of collegue..	0
Much effort has been put into research of the phenomenon of voltage collapse.	There is no causality between Much and collapse..	1
Much effort has been put into research of the phenomenon of voltage collapse.	Much is the reason of collapse..	0
The corporation has constructed railways in Ukraine, Guinea, Iran, Iraq, and Syria.	There is no causality between The and Syria..	1
The corporation has constructed railways in Ukraine, Guinea, Iran, Iraq, and Syria.	The is the reason of Syria..	0
The dial indicator is mounted on the spindle of the milling machine.	There is no causality between The and machine..	1
The dial indicator is mounted on the spindle of the milling machine.	The is the reason of machine..	0
My aunt has been put into care suffering with memory loss.	There is no causality between My and loss..	1
My aunt has been put into care suffering with memory loss.	My is the reason of loss..	0
Parties have inherited entitlements to property.	There is no causality between Parties and property..	1
Parties have inherited entitlements to property.	Parties is the reason of property..	0
The dog scratched at the door with its forepaw.	There is no causality between The and forepaw..	1
The dog scratched at the door with its forepaw.	The is the reason of forepaw..	0
With lyrical descriptions of landscape and terse, unpunctuated dialogue, a distinctive voice powered a gripping story.	There is no causality between With and story..	1
With lyrical descriptions of landscape and terse, unpunctuated dialogue, a distinctive voice powered a gripping story.	With is the reason of story..	0
This scholarship was awarded to an outstanding student for recognizing her academic excellence.	There is no causality between This and excellence..	1
This scholarship was awarded to an outstanding student for recognizing her academic excellence.	This is the reason of excellence..	0
Instead of placing the seeds in a strainer basket, they were placed in a wet muslin or cheesecloth and hung up.	There is no causality between Instead and up..	1
Instead of placing the seeds in a strainer basket, they were placed in a wet muslin or cheesecloth and hung up.	Instead is the reason of up..	0
While that operation was a success, the contents of the satchel were a tiny loss for the traffickers.	There is no causality between While and traffickers..	1
While that operation was a success, the contents of the satchel were a tiny loss for the traffickers.	While is the reason of traffickers..	0
The structure of the benthic boundary layer over a bed of mussels  was investigated in a large racetrack flume.	There is no causality between The and flume..	1
The structure of the benthic boundary layer over a bed of mussels  was investigated in a large racetrack flume.	The is the reason of flume..	0
The material was in a trunk in a basement and I knew I needed to get it.	There is no causality between The and it..	1
The material was in a trunk in a basement and I knew I needed to get it.	The is the reason of it..	0
A lot of effort has gone into the development of a suitable statistical method.	There is no causality between A and method..	1
A lot of effort has gone into the development of a suitable statistical method.	A is the reason of method..	0
My manager's desk has been moved up to the top floor.	There is no causality between My and floor..	1
My manager's desk has been moved up to the top floor.	My is the reason of floor..	0
Ws a murmuration of starlings enters a holly grove, it ruins the entire crop.	There is no causality between Ws and crop..	1
Ws a murmuration of starlings enters a holly grove, it ruins the entire crop.	Ws is the reason of crop..	0
Firefighters mark hydrants that work okay with spray paint.	There is no causality between Firefighters and paint..	1
Firefighters mark hydrants that work okay with spray paint.	Firefighters is the reason of paint..	0
This program was developed based on research, best practices, several parenting programs, and the personal experiences of the author, who is a minister.	There is no causality between This and minister..	1
This program was developed based on research, best practices, several parenting programs, and the personal experiences of the author, who is a minister.	This is the reason of minister..	0
The mice brains were removed into a 35mm dish.	There is no causality between The and dish..	1
The mice brains were removed into a 35mm dish.	The is the reason of dish..	0
A first revolution was triggered by the growing use of reading and writing.	writing instigated by A first revolution	1
A first revolution was triggered by the growing use of reading and writing.	A first revolution instigated by writing	0
This love of nature's gift has been reflected in artworks dating back more than a thousand years.	There is no causality between This and years..	1
This love of nature's gift has been reflected in artworks dating back more than a thousand years.	This is the reason of years..	0
The community of senior citizens already has great electoral power.	There is no causality between The and power..	1
The community of senior citizens already has great electoral power.	The is the reason of power..	0
This machine is a cluster of 3240 computers, each with 40 processing cores and includes both AMD and Cell processors.	There is no causality between This and processors..	1
This machine is a cluster of 3240 computers, each with 40 processing cores and includes both AMD and Cell processors.	This is the reason of processors..	0
The body was inside a duffel bag that was secured with duct tape.	There is no causality between The and tape..	1
The body was inside a duffel bag that was secured with duct tape.	The is the reason of tape..	0
The lyrics point toward sexual politics, and the lack of understanding between boys and girls.	There is no causality between The and girls..	1
The lyrics point toward sexual politics, and the lack of understanding between boys and girls.	The is the reason of girls..	0
The crew had dug a trench for her to walk in so that she would not dwarf the star.	There is no causality between The and star..	1
The crew had dug a trench for her to walk in so that she would not dwarf the star.	The is the reason of star..	0
The beautiful hydrothermal features in the park , the uplift and subsidence, and many of the earthquakes are caused by the movements of hydrothermal and/or magmatic fluids.	the movements lead to the earthquakes	1
The beautiful hydrothermal features in the park , the uplift and subsidence, and many of the earthquakes are caused by the movements of hydrothermal and/or magmatic fluids.	the earthquakes lead to the movements	0
GolTV's unique offering positions it in the highly competitive US media market as the only TV channel devoted exclusively to soccer.	There is no causality between GolTV's and soccer..	1
GolTV's unique offering positions it in the highly competitive US media market as the only TV channel devoted exclusively to soccer.	GolTV's is the reason of soccer..	0
As soon as the ceremony is done, the couple holds a bottle with love testimony in it and puts it into the ocean.	There is no causality between As and ocean..	1
As soon as the ceremony is done, the couple holds a bottle with love testimony in it and puts it into the ocean.	As is the reason of ocean..	0
He poured his passion into his lover.	There is no causality between He and lover..	1
He poured his passion into his lover.	He is the reason of lover..	0
The climber had a hook in each hand.	There is no causality between The and hand..	1
The climber had a hook in each hand.	The is the reason of hand..	0
This paper discusses an on-line signature verification method based on angular direction of pen point movement .	There is no causality between This and ..	1
This paper discusses an on-line signature verification method based on angular direction of pen point movement .	This is the reason of ..	0
This article is about pre-existing conditions with respect to health insurance.	There is no causality between This and insurance..	1
This article is about pre-existing conditions with respect to health insurance.	This is the reason of insurance..	0
An MRI machine measures the response with a computer.	There is no causality between An and computer..	1
An MRI machine measures the response with a computer.	An is the reason of computer..	0
William H. Parker was the longest serving police chief in Los Angeles Police Department.	There is no causality between William and Department..	1
William H. Parker was the longest serving police chief in Los Angeles Police Department.	William is the reason of Department..	0
The medical devices were inserted into a female teen patient.	There is no causality between The and patient..	1
The medical devices were inserted into a female teen patient.	The is the reason of patient..	0
Researchers synthesized the basic ingredients.	There is no causality between Researchers and ingredients..	1
Researchers synthesized the basic ingredients.	Researchers is the reason of ingredients..	0
A mason has removed the original left and right edges and in their place has prepared a simple moulding on each side.	There is no causality between A and side..	1
A mason has removed the original left and right edges and in their place has prepared a simple moulding on each side.	A is the reason of side..	0
The companies have gone into liquidation.	There is no causality between The and liquidation..	1
The companies have gone into liquidation.	The is the reason of liquidation..	0
Contact the router's manufacturer for assistance with configuration and proper setup of your wired router.	There is no causality between Contact and router..	1
Contact the router's manufacturer for assistance with configuration and proper setup of your wired router.	Contact is the reason of router..	0
Thick oatmeal cookies are soft, while the thin ones are crispy.	There is no causality between Thick and crispy..	1
Thick oatmeal cookies are soft, while the thin ones are crispy.	Thick is the reason of crispy..	0
The company has constructed a demonstration house at the BRE Innovation Park, at Watford, using the same combination of timber and Hemcrete.	There is no causality between The and Hemcrete..	1
The company has constructed a demonstration house at the BRE Innovation Park, at Watford, using the same combination of timber and Hemcrete.	The is the reason of Hemcrete..	0
A basic data entry has been added to the database.	There is no causality between A and database..	1
A basic data entry has been added to the database.	A is the reason of database..	0
The man pushed the woman into the windscreen.	There is no causality between The and windscreen..	1
The man pushed the woman into the windscreen.	The is the reason of windscreen..	0
The writer has a 'bottle of ink, a pen and a blotter'.	There is no causality between The and blotter'..	1
The writer has a 'bottle of ink, a pen and a blotter'.	The is the reason of blotter'..	0
The sensor has a coil winding in the shell of the cylinder.	There is no causality between The and cylinder..	1
The sensor has a coil winding in the shell of the cylinder.	The is the reason of cylinder..	0
The drop was caused by the recession and the usual seasonal factors, with fruit and vegetable prices lower in the summer months.	the usual seasonal factors caused by The drop	1
The drop was caused by the recession and the usual seasonal factors, with fruit and vegetable prices lower in the summer months.	The drop caused by the usual seasonal factors	0
The factory's repertoire expanded to include coalminers workwear, military clothing, and emergency service uniforms.	There is no causality between The and uniforms..	1
The factory's repertoire expanded to include coalminers workwear, military clothing, and emergency service uniforms.	The is the reason of uniforms..	0
For example, consonants were misplaced into consonant slots.	There is no causality between For and slots..	1
For example, consonants were misplaced into consonant slots.	For is the reason of slots..	0
The second biggest problem for dogs and their teeth is that hard chews can break the teeth.	There is no causality between The and teeth..	1
The second biggest problem for dogs and their teeth is that hard chews can break the teeth.	The is the reason of teeth..	0
Original mammography films are being delivered to viewers.	There is no causality between Original and viewers..	1
Original mammography films are being delivered to viewers.	Original is the reason of viewers..	0
The organization delivered meals to homebound seniors.	There is no causality between The and seniors..	1
The organization delivered meals to homebound seniors.	The is the reason of seniors..	0
The dotted line refers to experimental and simulated data.	There is no causality between The and data..	1
The dotted line refers to experimental and simulated data.	The is the reason of data..	0
'Transition' are the series of large mirrored beach hits that cling to the stubborn undulation of the cliffs above McKenzie's Bay.	There is no causality between 'Transition' and Bay..	1
'Transition' are the series of large mirrored beach hits that cling to the stubborn undulation of the cliffs above McKenzie's Bay.	'Transition' is the reason of Bay..	0
Several cats ran into Rob's garage.	There is no causality between Several and garage..	1
Several cats ran into Rob's garage.	Several is the reason of garage..	0
The bark of this tree trunk presented an interesting pattern.	There is no causality between The and pattern..	1
The bark of this tree trunk presented an interesting pattern.	The is the reason of pattern..	0
But for the family that shares the cooking and clean up duties, the kitchen holds a special nuturing role beyond supplying nutrition for the physical body.	There is no causality between But and body..	1
But for the family that shares the cooking and clean up duties, the kitchen holds a special nuturing role beyond supplying nutrition for the physical body.	But is the reason of body..	0
The foreign company has entered into the insurance market in China.	There is no causality between The and China..	1
The foreign company has entered into the insurance market in China.	The is the reason of China..	0
Harriers are large, slender hawk-like birds with long tails and long, thin legs.	There is no causality between Harriers and legs..	1
Harriers are large, slender hawk-like birds with long tails and long, thin legs.	Harriers is the reason of legs..	0
Silent black-and-white flashbacks show his brother punching him with gloves as his father looks on.	There is no causality between Silent and on..	1
Silent black-and-white flashbacks show his brother punching him with gloves as his father looks on.	Silent is the reason of on..	0
The team finishes the season with a 9-11 record, just short of tournament contention.	There is no causality between The and contention..	1
The team finishes the season with a 9-11 record, just short of tournament contention.	The is the reason of contention..	0
Other orders on environmental legislation and abortion issues were also under consideration.	There is no causality between Other and consideration..	1
Other orders on environmental legislation and abortion issues were also under consideration.	Other is the reason of consideration..	0
This pipeline has transported natural gas to the urban area.	There is no causality between This and area..	1
This pipeline has transported natural gas to the urban area.	This is the reason of area..	0
At the moment, we have to expend a great deal of effort to fight black Sigatoka, which attacks the banana plant's leaves.	There is no causality between At and leaves..	1
At the moment, we have to expend a great deal of effort to fight black Sigatoka, which attacks the banana plant's leaves.	At is the reason of leaves..	0
The influential towns of Brownville and Fontanelle were founded that year as well.	There is no causality between The and well..	1
The influential towns of Brownville and Fontanelle were founded that year as well.	The is the reason of well..	0
Mind you, a backpack is interpreted as a sign of geeks.	There is no causality between Mind and geeks..	1
Mind you, a backpack is interpreted as a sign of geeks.	Mind is the reason of geeks..	0
Researchers put bio-energetics into bio-magnification.	There is no causality between Researchers and bio-magnification..	1
Researchers put bio-energetics into bio-magnification.	Researchers is the reason of bio-magnification..	0
We chose a server driven approach to link prefetching.	There is no causality between We and prefetching..	1
We chose a server driven approach to link prefetching.	We is the reason of prefetching..	0
I have imported an audio book into the software.	There is no causality between I and software..	1
I have imported an audio book into the software.	I is the reason of software..	0
He opened up the nostrils in the nose a bit to fit the left and right winglets into it.	There is no causality between He and it..	1
He opened up the nostrils in the nose a bit to fit the left and right winglets into it.	He is the reason of it..	0
Takeovers have taken Ted's portfolio into new territory.	There is no causality between Takeovers and territory..	1
Takeovers have taken Ted's portfolio into new territory.	Takeovers is the reason of territory..	0
Just as Jack says, "On deck, you scabrous dogs," to the very left edge of the screen over Jack's shoulder is a grip crew member with a tan cowboy hat, white short sleeve tee shirt and sunglasses, just standing there looking out to sea.	There is no causality between Just and sea..	1
Just as Jack says, "On deck, you scabrous dogs," to the very left edge of the screen over Jack's shoulder is a grip crew member with a tan cowboy hat, white short sleeve tee shirt and sunglasses, just standing there looking out to sea.	Just is the reason of sea..	0
Molten globules have moved into action.	There is no causality between Molten and action..	1
Molten globules have moved into action.	Molten is the reason of action..	0
The three themes for the conference were pluralism, sustainability and innovation.	There is no causality between The and innovation..	1
The three themes for the conference were pluralism, sustainability and innovation.	The is the reason of innovation..	0
The left pin of the potentiometer is the ground connection.	There is no causality between The and connection..	1
The left pin of the potentiometer is the ground connection.	The is the reason of connection..	0
The handbag was locked in a glass display case.	There is no causality between The and case..	1
The handbag was locked in a glass display case.	The is the reason of case..	0
The top photo shows a worker with a poorly fitting dust mask.	There is no causality between The and mask..	1
The top photo shows a worker with a poorly fitting dust mask.	The is the reason of mask..	0
The clip on the back of the little plastic puck like holder is handy for clipping onto your belt, backpack, arm band or lady's bag strap.	There is no causality between The and strap..	1
The clip on the back of the little plastic puck like holder is handy for clipping onto your belt, backpack, arm band or lady's bag strap.	The is the reason of strap..	0
The scientists poured money into pint cancer research.	There is no causality between The and research..	1
The scientists poured money into pint cancer research.	The is the reason of research..	0
Two days later, the salt water fish was put into a fresh water pound.	There is no causality between Two and pound..	1
Two days later, the salt water fish was put into a fresh water pound.	Two is the reason of pound..	0
On the other hand, the information being carried in a high frequency quasi-sinusoidal wave invites comparisons with the auditory system of vertebrates.	There is no causality between On and vertebrates..	1
On the other hand, the information being carried in a high frequency quasi-sinusoidal wave invites comparisons with the auditory system of vertebrates.	On is the reason of vertebrates..	0
The pendant with the bail measure 1 1/4".	There is no causality between The and 1/4"..	1
The pendant with the bail measure 1 1/4".	The is the reason of 1/4"..	0
The Bishop was also happy to talk about some of the contentious issues affecting the church at the moment.	There is no causality between The and moment..	1
The Bishop was also happy to talk about some of the contentious issues affecting the church at the moment.	The is the reason of moment..	0
Melvin Hancock was one of the residents to spot the about 85 pound full-grown coyote and other residents have seen a band of coyotes with a litter of pups.	There is no causality between Melvin and pups..	1
Melvin Hancock was one of the residents to spot the about 85 pound full-grown coyote and other residents have seen a band of coyotes with a litter of pups.	Melvin is the reason of pups..	0
Strikingly large in scale, this grater shaves a perfect portion in a single stroke.	There is no causality between Strikingly and stroke..	1
Strikingly large in scale, this grater shaves a perfect portion in a single stroke.	Strikingly is the reason of stroke..	0
The world is experiencing an unprecedented glut of savings, driving down real interest rates.	There is no causality between The and rates..	1
The world is experiencing an unprecedented glut of savings, driving down real interest rates.	The is the reason of rates..	0
This is an online notebook for astronomers and space scientists wanting to become involved in science education.	There is no causality between This and education..	1
This is an online notebook for astronomers and space scientists wanting to become involved in science education.	This is the reason of education..	0
We poured a mixed seasoning into the sauce on the stove.	There is no causality between We and stove..	1
We poured a mixed seasoning into the sauce on the stove.	We is the reason of stove..	0
Hotels and restaurants Downtown are prepared to handle the crush of delegates.	There is no causality between Hotels and delegates..	1
Hotels and restaurants Downtown are prepared to handle the crush of delegates.	Hotels is the reason of delegates..	0
It is text at the top of a newspaper article indicating the nature of the article below it.	There is no causality between It and it..	1
It is text at the top of a newspaper article indicating the nature of the article below it.	It is the reason of it..	0
Cayenne pepper is a miracle cure for ulcers and so many other conditions, plus aids assimilation of nutrients and vitamins.	There is no causality between Cayenne and vitamins..	1
Cayenne pepper is a miracle cure for ulcers and so many other conditions, plus aids assimilation of nutrients and vitamins.	Cayenne is the reason of vitamins..	0
In a similar context, this circuit has followed the rule that reinstatement is a basic element of the appropriate remedy in wrongful employee discharge cases.	There is no causality between In and cases..	1
In a similar context, this circuit has followed the rule that reinstatement is a basic element of the appropriate remedy in wrongful employee discharge cases.	In is the reason of cases..	0
April, 1903 saw the first issue of the Delta Chi Quarterly published for a fraternity of fourteen chapters and fewer than 3000 alumni.	There is no causality between April, and alumni..	1
April, 1903 saw the first issue of the Delta Chi Quarterly published for a fraternity of fourteen chapters and fewer than 3000 alumni.	April, is the reason of alumni..	0
Bolus was injected into ports above the filter set.	There is no causality between Bolus and set..	1
Bolus was injected into ports above the filter set.	Bolus is the reason of set..	0
Jug wine has a bad reputation, with many considering it cheap and low-quality.	There is no causality between Jug and low-quality..	1
Jug wine has a bad reputation, with many considering it cheap and low-quality.	Jug is the reason of low-quality..	0
The virus is exported to the hard disk.	There is no causality between The and disk..	1
The virus is exported to the hard disk.	The is the reason of disk..	0
Plaintiffs seek compensatory damages for personal injuries, property damage, emotional distress, and expenses resulting from the evacuation after the explosion.	the explosion instigated by the evacuation	1
Plaintiffs seek compensatory damages for personal injuries, property damage, emotional distress, and expenses resulting from the evacuation after the explosion.	the evacuation instigated by the explosion	0
There is a cluster of nerves that is located below each ear and at the hinge of the jaw.	There is no causality between There and jaw..	1
There is a cluster of nerves that is located below each ear and at the hinge of the jaw.	There is the reason of jaw..	0
I looked straight under the nose of the plane and sure enough, I was directly over the tiny airstrip.	There is no causality between I and airstrip..	1
I looked straight under the nose of the plane and sure enough, I was directly over the tiny airstrip.	I is the reason of airstrip..	0
When the merchant was ready to come home, he had bought a diamond necklace for his first daughter.	There is no causality between When and daughter..	1
When the merchant was ready to come home, he had bought a diamond necklace for his first daughter.	When is the reason of daughter..	0
They are navigational maps based on realistic descriptions of harbours and coasts.	There is no causality between They and coasts..	1
They are navigational maps based on realistic descriptions of harbours and coasts.	They is the reason of coasts..	0
It's a fish with lungs, and it can survive on land for brief periods.	There is no causality between It's and periods..	1
It's a fish with lungs, and it can survive on land for brief periods.	It's is the reason of periods..	0
In 1805 merchants of the city formed a troop of cavalry in Montreal.	There is no causality between In and Montreal..	1
In 1805 merchants of the city formed a troop of cavalry in Montreal.	In is the reason of Montreal..	0
The suitcase was full of smart new clothes.	There is no causality between The and clothes..	1
The suitcase was full of smart new clothes.	The is the reason of clothes..	0
They continued in conversation when the teacher tapped him on the head with a screwdriver.	There is no causality between They and screwdriver..	1
They continued in conversation when the teacher tapped him on the head with a screwdriver.	They is the reason of screwdriver..	0
The painter's marks represent the story of a hunt or a great war; my symbols represent the story of a problem and its solution.	There is no causality between The and solution..	1
The painter's marks represent the story of a hunt or a great war; my symbols represent the story of a problem and its solution.	The is the reason of solution..	0
Potato starch tolerates higher temperatures than cornstarch when used as a thickener.	There is no causality between Potato and thickener..	1
Potato starch tolerates higher temperatures than cornstarch when used as a thickener.	Potato is the reason of thickener..	0
This rather bizarre picture is of a whirl hedge of herons - for such is the collective noun for these birds.	There is no causality between This and birds..	1
This rather bizarre picture is of a whirl hedge of herons - for such is the collective noun for these birds.	This is the reason of birds..	0
On his journeys around the world, Yasser Arafat was in the habit of taking a suitcase full of cash for "emergency" cases.	There is no causality between On and cases..	1
On his journeys around the world, Yasser Arafat was in the habit of taking a suitcase full of cash for "emergency" cases.	On is the reason of cases..	0
We were a congregation of young people concerned about the religious education of our children as well as creating a good life in our community.	There is no causality between We and community..	1
We were a congregation of young people concerned about the religious education of our children as well as creating a good life in our community.	We is the reason of community..	0
Stone grinding is very technical.	There is no causality between Stone and technical..	1
Stone grinding is very technical.	Stone is the reason of technical..	0
He has worked on a wide array of topics, including transportation security and the future of the FAA and the national airspace system.	There is no causality between He and system..	1
He has worked on a wide array of topics, including transportation security and the future of the FAA and the national airspace system.	He is the reason of system..	0
The company has been dragged into a lawsuit.	There is no causality between The and lawsuit..	1
The company has been dragged into a lawsuit.	The is the reason of lawsuit..	0
We double-checked that a maximum of 80 larvae were placed inside each vial.	There is no causality between We and vial..	1
We double-checked that a maximum of 80 larvae were placed inside each vial.	We is the reason of vial..	0
Our staff has approached many people for the product survey.	There is no causality between Our and survey..	1
Our staff has approached many people for the product survey.	Our is the reason of survey..	0
The speed indicator of the bus wasn't working and the driver was driving like mad.	There is no causality between The and mad..	1
The speed indicator of the bus wasn't working and the driver was driving like mad.	The is the reason of mad..	0
In December, 1216, Pope Honorius III , the successor of Innocent III, approved Dominic's plan for an order of contemplative preachers exercising the priestly ministry and living in mendicant poverty.	There is no causality between In and poverty..	1
In December, 1216, Pope Honorius III , the successor of Innocent III, approved Dominic's plan for an order of contemplative preachers exercising the priestly ministry and living in mendicant poverty.	In is the reason of poverty..	0
Swelling of the resin is caused by the expansion of the structure as a result of water  molecules penetrating the matrix.	water  molecules penetrating the matrix caused by the expansion	1
Swelling of the resin is caused by the expansion of the structure as a result of water  molecules penetrating the matrix.	the expansion caused by water  molecules penetrating the matrix	0
Below is a list of the books of the bible.	There is no causality between Below and bible..	1
Below is a list of the books of the bible.	Below is the reason of bible..	0
Some players attach a pickup to their traditional string instrument to "electrify" it.	There is no causality between Some and it..	1
Some players attach a pickup to their traditional string instrument to "electrify" it.	Some is the reason of it..	0
His new research shows that the tree trunks in the forest act like hot water bottles.	There is no causality between His and bottles..	1
His new research shows that the tree trunks in the forest act like hot water bottles.	His is the reason of bottles..	0
The margarine is imitation butter was without the superior flavor and pleasant mouthfeel.	There is no causality between The and mouthfeel..	1
The margarine is imitation butter was without the superior flavor and pleasant mouthfeel.	The is the reason of mouthfeel..	0
In your issue of April 26 a photograph shows a woman doctor with a precautionary mask against SARS infection, attending a patient.	There is no causality between In and patient..	1
In your issue of April 26 a photograph shows a woman doctor with a precautionary mask against SARS infection, attending a patient.	In is the reason of patient..	0
Television cooking shows and more advertising have put wine in the limelight.	There is no causality between Television and limelight..	1
Television cooking shows and more advertising have put wine in the limelight.	Television is the reason of limelight..	0
It is the most efficient and compact form of insulation in a carafe, and it's unbreakable.	There is no causality between It and unbreakable..	1
It is the most efficient and compact form of insulation in a carafe, and it's unbreakable.	It is the reason of unbreakable..	0
Although some of the stories were based on historical truths, most were a weaving of Greek, Roman and Celtic myths.	There is no causality between Although and myths..	1
Although some of the stories were based on historical truths, most were a weaving of Greek, Roman and Celtic myths.	Although is the reason of myths..	0
The second format is that of roundtables organised around keywords, that offer students the opportunity to participate in dialogue.	There is no causality between The and dialogue..	1
The second format is that of roundtables organised around keywords, that offer students the opportunity to participate in dialogue.	The is the reason of dialogue..	0
The victim slipped off the gangway while attempting to close the lid of the tank trailer.	There is no causality between The and trailer..	1
The victim slipped off the gangway while attempting to close the lid of the tank trailer.	The is the reason of trailer..	0
War and rural poverty cause mass migration of people and often simultaneous growth of informal development.	rural poverty instigated by mass migration	1
War and rural poverty cause mass migration of people and often simultaneous growth of informal development.	mass migration instigated by rural poverty	0
Critical audience studies are migrating into intellectual inquiry focused on participation developing the stress on processes of interactive engagement.	There is no causality between Critical and engagement..	1
Critical audience studies are migrating into intellectual inquiry focused on participation developing the stress on processes of interactive engagement.	Critical is the reason of engagement..	0
The VP's wife was a member of a succession movement.	There is no causality between The and movement..	1
The VP's wife was a member of a succession movement.	The is the reason of movement..	0
The speech also devoted considerable time to foreign affairs.	There is no causality between The and affairs..	1
The speech also devoted considerable time to foreign affairs.	The is the reason of affairs..	0
In a power system consisting of transmission lines connected together and to two or more generators, the rotors of the generators rotate at a constant speed.	There is no causality between In and speed..	1
In a power system consisting of transmission lines connected together and to two or more generators, the rotors of the generators rotate at a constant speed.	In is the reason of speed..	0
The manager has added background text watermarks into the existing PDF file.	There is no causality between The and file..	1
The manager has added background text watermarks into the existing PDF file.	The is the reason of file..	0
Wind driven rain has come into the downtown.	There is no causality between Wind and downtown..	1
Wind driven rain has come into the downtown.	Wind is the reason of downtown..	0
The aircraft is moved into the hangar.	There is no causality between The and hangar..	1
The aircraft is moved into the hangar.	The is the reason of hangar..	0
The knight raised his dragon battle axe, and dealt the creature a crushing blow.	There is no causality between The and blow..	1
The knight raised his dragon battle axe, and dealt the creature a crushing blow.	The is the reason of blow..	0
Nasal dryness causes nosebleeds, coughing, wheezing, and other short-term respiratory problems.	Nasal dryness lead to other short-term respiratory problems	1
Nasal dryness causes nosebleeds, coughing, wheezing, and other short-term respiratory problems.	other short-term respiratory problems lead to Nasal dryness	0
In the next step, the chef added sugar into the mix.	There is no causality between In and mix..	1
In the next step, the chef added sugar into the mix.	In is the reason of mix..	0
The entire running gear of the engine was enclosed in a copper case.	There is no causality between The and case..	1
The entire running gear of the engine was enclosed in a copper case.	The is the reason of case..	0
The first author has observed a ringed seal slapping the water with its flipper as he approached.	There is no causality between The and approached..	1
The first author has observed a ringed seal slapping the water with its flipper as he approached.	The is the reason of approached..	0
The sketchy rock in Figure 16 is built up of many separate brush strokes.	There is no causality between The and strokes..	1
The sketchy rock in Figure 16 is built up of many separate brush strokes.	The is the reason of strokes..	0
My room has been moved into the corner of the first floor.	There is no causality between My and floor..	1
My room has been moved into the corner of the first floor.	My is the reason of floor..	0
I have ruined the outside, when I mistakenly used a bottle with soap in it, instead of water.	There is no causality between I and water..	1
I have ruined the outside, when I mistakenly used a bottle with soap in it, instead of water.	I is the reason of water..	0
The stereo cutter head has two coils which move in a magnetic field.	There is no causality between The and field..	1
The stereo cutter head has two coils which move in a magnetic field.	The is the reason of field..	0
Colds and flu cause high fevers in babies and toddlers, but with the flu, the fever will last more than one or two days.	flu instigated by high fevers	1
Colds and flu cause high fevers in babies and toddlers, but with the flu, the fever will last more than one or two days.	high fevers instigated by flu	0
The owner uses your information solely in order to process your credit card payment.	There is no causality between The and payment..	1
The owner uses your information solely in order to process your credit card payment.	The is the reason of payment..	0
For registration purposes, the property in a vessel is divided into 64 indivisible shares.	There is no causality between For and shares..	1
For registration purposes, the property in a vessel is divided into 64 indivisible shares.	For is the reason of shares..	0
A Canadian doctor cured me with only a massage.	There is no causality between A and massage..	1
A Canadian doctor cured me with only a massage.	A is the reason of massage..	0
I have a large garbage bag full of clothes for a teen or preteen girl.	There is no causality between I and girl..	1
I have a large garbage bag full of clothes for a teen or preteen girl.	I is the reason of girl..	0
The staff of the hospital are committed to maintaining these services.	There is no causality between The and services..	1
The staff of the hospital are committed to maintaining these services.	The is the reason of services..	0
We put the trampoline data into the read-only section since a CPU hot plug was supported.	There is no causality between We and supported..	1
We put the trampoline data into the read-only section since a CPU hot plug was supported.	We is the reason of supported..	0
The distraction caused by the students, coupled with limited vision down the track, caused the incident to occur.	limited vision instigated by the incident	1
The distraction caused by the students, coupled with limited vision down the track, caused the incident to occur.	the incident instigated by limited vision	0
The farm takes on the raffle of turkeys in July, when they're just one day old, until they're slaughtered in December.	There is no causality between The and December..	1
The farm takes on the raffle of turkeys in July, when they're just one day old, until they're slaughtered in December.	The is the reason of December..	0
During this time, her stamp stock was locked in a safe and no one else had access to it.	There is no causality between During and it..	1
During this time, her stamp stock was locked in a safe and no one else had access to it.	During is the reason of it..	0
Real-world truths were imported into the fictional world.	There is no causality between Real-world and world..	1
Real-world truths were imported into the fictional world.	Real-world is the reason of world..	0
I'm 5ft10 and the jacket reaches about halfway down the fly of my jeans.	There is no causality between I'm and jeans..	1
I'm 5ft10 and the jacket reaches about halfway down the fly of my jeans.	I'm is the reason of jeans..	0
The island was farmed for oats and barley until 1796 when the owner mandated that oak and alder trees be planted.	There is no causality between The and planted..	1
The island was farmed for oats and barley until 1796 when the owner mandated that oak and alder trees be planted.	The is the reason of planted..	0
The poisons were poured into his veins.	There is no causality between The and veins..	1
The poisons were poured into his veins.	The is the reason of veins..	0
These conditions have relation to such matters as the magnitude and importance of the company.	There is no causality between These and company..	1
These conditions have relation to such matters as the magnitude and importance of the company.	These is the reason of company..	0
His other research activities and accomplishments have been discussed in the section presented below.	There is no causality between His and below..	1
His other research activities and accomplishments have been discussed in the section presented below.	His is the reason of below..	0
The picture below shows a view chapel and west range of the inner courtyard of the castle.	There is no causality between The and castle..	1
The picture below shows a view chapel and west range of the inner courtyard of the castle.	The is the reason of castle..	0
He was very careful to see that the bit of the ax comes in direct line with the helve.	There is no causality between He and helve..	1
He was very careful to see that the bit of the ax comes in direct line with the helve.	He is the reason of helve..	0
The playwright uses names as a device for wordplay at several points in the play.	There is no causality between The and play..	1
The playwright uses names as a device for wordplay at several points in the play.	The is the reason of play..	0
A sewing machine is a mechanical  device that joins fabric using thread.	There is no causality between A and thread..	1
A sewing machine is a mechanical  device that joins fabric using thread.	A is the reason of thread..	0
The common cold and the flu are caused by different viruses, with symptoms of the flu presenting more quickly and with more severity than those of a cold.	different viruses lead to the flu	1
The common cold and the flu are caused by different viruses, with symptoms of the flu presenting more quickly and with more severity than those of a cold.	the flu lead to different viruses	0
Extensive references to scientific literature form an important part of each monograph and over 1800 new citations appear in the book.	There is no causality between Extensive and book..	1
Extensive references to scientific literature form an important part of each monograph and over 1800 new citations appear in the book.	Extensive is the reason of book..	0
The o-dichlorobenzene extractant was removed into chlorobenzene for the first step of rough separation.	There is no causality between The and separation..	1
The o-dichlorobenzene extractant was removed into chlorobenzene for the first step of rough separation.	The is the reason of separation..	0
The team captured the provincial title with a convincing 6-1 victory over their adversaries, the Pas Huskies.	There is no causality between The and Huskies..	1
The team captured the provincial title with a convincing 6-1 victory over their adversaries, the Pas Huskies.	The is the reason of Huskies..	0
The carbon sank into the emitter.	There is no causality between The and emitter..	1
The carbon sank into the emitter.	The is the reason of emitter..	0
The man graciously put off feeding his muster of peacocks  to chat.	There is no causality between The and chat..	1
The man graciously put off feeding his muster of peacocks  to chat.	The is the reason of chat..	0
He had been as concerned about the 400 people who had left the ship as about those who remained aboard.	There is no causality between He and aboard..	1
He had been as concerned about the 400 people who had left the ship as about those who remained aboard.	He is the reason of aboard..	0
We evaluated the application of these guidelines, focusing on the opinions and experience of the global community of national assessors.	There is no causality between We and assessors..	1
We evaluated the application of these guidelines, focusing on the opinions and experience of the global community of national assessors.	We is the reason of assessors..	0
Death in a vat of chocolate was just waiting for some witty hilarious jokes.	There is no causality between Death and jokes..	1
Death in a vat of chocolate was just waiting for some witty hilarious jokes.	Death is the reason of jokes..	0
Cold air at the surface moved southward into the mountains of Colorado.	There is no causality between Cold and Colorado..	1
Cold air at the surface moved southward into the mountains of Colorado.	Cold is the reason of Colorado..	0
The message is being delivered to the mailman.	There is no causality between The and mailman..	1
The message is being delivered to the mailman.	The is the reason of mailman..	0
This happens when a collecting agent inadvertently applies the PNS discount to an ineligible vessel.	There is no causality between This and vessel..	1
This happens when a collecting agent inadvertently applies the PNS discount to an ineligible vessel.	This is the reason of vessel..	0
Worker bees eating ordinary honey live only four to six weeks.	There is no causality between Worker and weeks..	1
Worker bees eating ordinary honey live only four to six weeks.	Worker is the reason of weeks..	0
Commuters and holiday travellers are running into heavy delays on Route 128 in Weston this morning.	There is no causality between Commuters and morning..	1
Commuters and holiday travellers are running into heavy delays on Route 128 in Weston this morning.	Commuters is the reason of morning..	0
I'm going with some girls to get a bunch of flowers.	There is no causality between I'm and flowers..	1
I'm going with some girls to get a bunch of flowers.	I'm is the reason of flowers..	0
A new trial injection was inserted into a leg or an arm vein.	There is no causality between A and vein..	1
A new trial injection was inserted into a leg or an arm vein.	A is the reason of vein..	0
The applet requires a browser that supports JDK 1.1.5 or above.	There is no causality between The and above..	1
The applet requires a browser that supports JDK 1.1.5 or above.	The is the reason of above..	0
That coupled with the death and destruction caused by the storm was a very traumatic experience for these residents.	the storm instigated by destruction	1
That coupled with the death and destruction caused by the storm was a very traumatic experience for these residents.	destruction instigated by the storm	0
The complement system is important as part of the body's defense mechanism against infection .	There is no causality between The and ..	1
The complement system is important as part of the body's defense mechanism against infection .	The is the reason of ..	0
Mental disorders have often been featured in art and literature.	There is no causality between Mental and literature..	1
Mental disorders have often been featured in art and literature.	Mental is the reason of literature..	0
The research team is moving into a deeper cave to explore.	There is no causality between The and explore..	1
The research team is moving into a deeper cave to explore.	The is the reason of explore..	0
The body of a missing Fort Benning soldier was discovered inside a piece of air conditioning equipment Friday at a downtown hotel.	There is no causality between The and hotel..	1
The body of a missing Fort Benning soldier was discovered inside a piece of air conditioning equipment Friday at a downtown hotel.	The is the reason of hotel..	0
A street writer who specialises in love letters becomes involved with one of the addressees.	There is no causality between A and addressees..	1
A street writer who specialises in love letters becomes involved with one of the addressees.	A is the reason of addressees..	0
Chilika supports the largest congregation of migratory birds in the country during winter.	There is no causality between Chilika and winter..	1
Chilika supports the largest congregation of migratory birds in the country during winter.	Chilika is the reason of winter..	0
The chapters included in the book are the "core" of this fundamental handbook on heterogeneous catalysis.	There is no causality between The and catalysis..	1
The chapters included in the book are the "core" of this fundamental handbook on heterogeneous catalysis.	The is the reason of catalysis..	0
Adults with sleep deprivation who listened to soft classical music at bedtime reported a 35 percent improvement in their quality of sleep.	There is no causality between Adults and sleep..	1
Adults with sleep deprivation who listened to soft classical music at bedtime reported a 35 percent improvement in their quality of sleep.	Adults is the reason of sleep..	0
The work was such a popular success that the poet wrote a sequel.	There is no causality between The and sequel..	1
The work was such a popular success that the poet wrote a sequel.	The is the reason of sequel..	0
Dr. Legome discussed the hospital's response to the news that a plane had crashed into a river.	There is no causality between Dr. and river..	1
Dr. Legome discussed the hospital's response to the news that a plane had crashed into a river.	Dr. is the reason of river..	0
Often users have dragged MIDI clips into Audio tracks.	There is no causality between Often and tracks..	1
Often users have dragged MIDI clips into Audio tracks.	Often is the reason of tracks..	0
A local FM radio keeps the town informed about local and international development.	There is no causality between A and development..	1
A local FM radio keeps the town informed about local and international development.	A is the reason of development..	0
My itinerary was in a suitcase, among stacks of teaching materials so I asked the Delta ticket agent to look up my outgoing flight number.	There is no causality between My and number..	1
My itinerary was in a suitcase, among stacks of teaching materials so I asked the Delta ticket agent to look up my outgoing flight number.	My is the reason of number..	0
Unfortunately, they just had brief mentions and more pages were spent describing the clubs scene.	There is no causality between Unfortunately, and scene..	1
Unfortunately, they just had brief mentions and more pages were spent describing the clubs scene.	Unfortunately, is the reason of scene..	0
This attachment has a taper shank which is inserted in the spindle of the machine.	There is no causality between This and machine..	1
This attachment has a taper shank which is inserted in the spindle of the machine.	This is the reason of machine..	0
Lauren also explores bisexuality in this new book.	There is no causality between Lauren and book..	1
Lauren also explores bisexuality in this new book.	Lauren is the reason of book..	0
The thing that most struck him, however, was the rope of the great alarm bell on the roof, which hung down in a corner of the room on the right-hand side of the fireplace.	There is no causality between The and fireplace..	1
The thing that most struck him, however, was the rope of the great alarm bell on the roof, which hung down in a corner of the room on the right-hand side of the fireplace.	The is the reason of fireplace..	0
The novel depicts the harsh life of workers who worked on a crab-fishing and canning boat in the northern seas of Japan.	There is no causality between The and Japan..	1
The novel depicts the harsh life of workers who worked on a crab-fishing and canning boat in the northern seas of Japan.	The is the reason of Japan..	0
Orion, a giant stellar nursery which has spawned roughly 20,000 low-mass stars like the sun in the last 10 million years, also harbors a handful of massive type O and B stars that emit blowtorch-like radiation.	There is no causality between Orion, and radiation..	1
Orion, a giant stellar nursery which has spawned roughly 20,000 low-mass stars like the sun in the last 10 million years, also harbors a handful of massive type O and B stars that emit blowtorch-like radiation.	Orion, is the reason of radiation..	0
Our whole evening was centered on the topic of courage.	There is no causality between Our and courage..	1
Our whole evening was centered on the topic of courage.	Our is the reason of courage..	0
The first mathematician derived the new formula for the sum of the fourth power using a method that is readily general for determining the general formula for the sum of any integral powers.	There is no causality between The and powers..	1
The first mathematician derived the new formula for the sum of the fourth power using a method that is readily general for determining the general formula for the sum of any integral powers.	The is the reason of powers..	0
One of the few landmarks to guide the charge was a copse of oak trees near the center of the Union line.	There is no causality between One and line..	1
One of the few landmarks to guide the charge was a copse of oak trees near the center of the Union line.	One is the reason of line..	0
People did read the text in a dialog box.	There is no causality between People and box..	1
People did read the text in a dialog box.	People is the reason of box..	0
Such formulations are already found in the apostolic writings.	There is no causality between Such and writings..	1
Such formulations are already found in the apostolic writings.	Such is the reason of writings..	0
The stone ginger beer has a ginger 'bite' without the 'ginger burn' of more peppery Jamaican ginger beers.	There is no causality between The and beers..	1
The stone ginger beer has a ginger 'bite' without the 'ginger burn' of more peppery Jamaican ginger beers.	The is the reason of beers..	0
The amide-linked local anesthetics, bupivacaine and ropivacaine, cause depression of cardiac contractility and dysrhythmias.	ropivacaine instigated by dysrhythmias	1
The amide-linked local anesthetics, bupivacaine and ropivacaine, cause depression of cardiac contractility and dysrhythmias.	dysrhythmias instigated by ropivacaine	0
The conference was organised around four roundtables.	There is no causality between The and roundtables..	1
The conference was organised around four roundtables.	The is the reason of roundtables..	0
A technician assists the fishermen with this.	There is no causality between A and this..	1
A technician assists the fishermen with this.	A is the reason of this..	0
English cricket has now been dragged into the whole revolting business.	There is no causality between English and business..	1
English cricket has now been dragged into the whole revolting business.	English is the reason of business..	0
Picture books invite students to engage in critical discussion of complex issues of race, class, and gender.	There is no causality between Picture and gender..	1
Picture books invite students to engage in critical discussion of complex issues of race, class, and gender.	Picture is the reason of gender..	0
Husseys sent their key players to the stadium for the decisive game.	There is no causality between Husseys and game..	1
Husseys sent their key players to the stadium for the decisive game.	Husseys is the reason of game..	0
The sacrifices were thrown into the volcano.	There is no causality between The and volcano..	1
The sacrifices were thrown into the volcano.	The is the reason of volcano..	0
They put wine in the exact context it needs to be kept in - not so bloody serious.	There is no causality between They and serious..	1
They put wine in the exact context it needs to be kept in - not so bloody serious.	They is the reason of serious..	0
Chocolates, junk food, dirty skin, and stress cause acne.	stress cause acne	1
Chocolates, junk food, dirty skin, and stress cause acne.	acne cause stress	0
But they lost their child, Arife, here, in the muddy, freezing huddle of tents where the survivors eke out a living.	There is no causality between But and living..	1
But they lost their child, Arife, here, in the muddy, freezing huddle of tents where the survivors eke out a living.	But is the reason of living..	0
American sports are played with the hands.	There is no causality between American and hands..	1
American sports are played with the hands.	American is the reason of hands..	0
The blind woman took the taxi driver to the Equality Tribunal.	There is no causality between The and Tribunal..	1
The blind woman took the taxi driver to the Equality Tribunal.	The is the reason of Tribunal..	0
Last week the city had patched up the offending section of roadway.	There is no causality between Last and roadway..	1
Last week the city had patched up the offending section of roadway.	Last is the reason of roadway..	0
Australia exports grains to the neighboring countries.	There is no causality between Australia and countries..	1
Australia exports grains to the neighboring countries.	Australia is the reason of countries..	0
He schose the better approach: to be honest and understanding and to acknowledge the distress caused by the hallucinations or delusions.	delusions cause the distress	1
He schose the better approach: to be honest and understanding and to acknowledge the distress caused by the hallucinations or delusions.	the distress cause delusions	0
These city dwellers have sunk into abominations.	There is no causality between These and abominations..	1
These city dwellers have sunk into abominations.	These is the reason of abominations..	0
As part of a short-term strategy, the government has constructed 10300 houses, double than the fixed target of 5000 houses.	There is no causality between As and houses..	1
As part of a short-term strategy, the government has constructed 10300 houses, double than the fixed target of 5000 houses.	As is the reason of houses..	0
Touch the tip of the brush on the paper and turn it to the opposite direction, the left a bit, as you begin writing.	There is no causality between Touch and writing..	1
Touch the tip of the brush on the paper and turn it to the opposite direction, the left a bit, as you begin writing.	Touch is the reason of writing..	0
Saudi Arabia has exported wheat to 30 countries including China.	There is no causality between Saudi and China..	1
Saudi Arabia has exported wheat to 30 countries including China.	Saudi is the reason of China..	0
As his hand was put inside the glass box, he had to guess what creepy animal was inside.	There is no causality between As and inside..	1
As his hand was put inside the glass box, he had to guess what creepy animal was inside.	As is the reason of inside..	0
The siphon in a cistern consisted of a pipe bent over above the water level in the cistern.	There is no causality between The and cistern..	1
The siphon in a cistern consisted of a pipe bent over above the water level in the cistern.	The is the reason of cistern..	0
EXE is the common filename extension denoting an executable file.	There is no causality between EXE and file..	1
EXE is the common filename extension denoting an executable file.	EXE is the reason of file..	0
These cells have been injected into the vitreous cavity.	There is no causality between These and cavity..	1
These cells have been injected into the vitreous cavity.	These is the reason of cavity..	0
In many ways, the flavor of rye beer is reminiscent of wheat beers.	There is no causality between In and beers..	1
In many ways, the flavor of rye beer is reminiscent of wheat beers.	In is the reason of beers..	0
The second clause tells of the pension that is the equal of one service-fraction of final compensation.	There is no causality between The and compensation..	1
The second clause tells of the pension that is the equal of one service-fraction of final compensation.	The is the reason of compensation..	0
The bootlegger bought his staples there, as well as apples for his mash.	There is no causality between The and mash..	1
The bootlegger bought his staples there, as well as apples for his mash.	The is the reason of mash..	0
Exposure to vapor causes intense watering and irritation to eyes.	Exposure cause irritation	1
Exposure to vapor causes intense watering and irritation to eyes.	irritation cause Exposure	0
These are some of the many ways in which Hitler and the Nazi party used propaganda in order to brainwash and manipulate people into thinking that the Nazi party was a good party to be in.	There is no causality between These and in..	1
These are some of the many ways in which Hitler and the Nazi party used propaganda in order to brainwash and manipulate people into thinking that the Nazi party was a good party to be in.	These is the reason of in..	0
The Barbarian invasions of the fifth century were triggered by the destruction of the Gothic kingdoms by the Huns in 372-375.	the Huns instigated by the destruction	1
The Barbarian invasions of the fifth century were triggered by the destruction of the Gothic kingdoms by the Huns in 372-375.	the destruction instigated by the Huns	0
Conversation was centered more around investment in the consumer area rather than FB specific.	There is no causality between Conversation and specific..	1
Conversation was centered more around investment in the consumer area rather than FB specific.	Conversation is the reason of specific..	0
Cane sugar engineering and technology texts currently used are out of date and do not include most of the developments in technology	There is no causality between Cane and technology.	1
Cane sugar engineering and technology texts currently used are out of date and do not include most of the developments in technology	Cane is the reason of technology.	0
The country was a confederation of various tribal peoples of Caucasian descent .	There is no causality between The and ..	1
The country was a confederation of various tribal peoples of Caucasian descent .	The is the reason of ..	0
The film revolves around a cadaver who seems to bring misfortune on those who come in contact with it.	There is no causality between The and it..	1
The film revolves around a cadaver who seems to bring misfortune on those who come in contact with it.	The is the reason of it..	0
Music Label is a very mature product that uses a powerful database engine.	There is no causality between Music and engine..	1
Music Label is a very mature product that uses a powerful database engine.	Music is the reason of engine..	0
Kelvin bought a silver ring which he was so happy with and he keeps wearing it now even though its abit too big haha.	There is no causality between Kelvin and haha..	1
Kelvin bought a silver ring which he was so happy with and he keeps wearing it now even though its abit too big haha.	Kelvin is the reason of haha..	0
A few space probes have been placed into orbit around other bodies.	There is no causality between A and bodies..	1
A few space probes have been placed into orbit around other bodies.	A is the reason of bodies..	0
The case centers on a tree at a high school that was a meeting place for white students.	There is no causality between The and students..	1
The case centers on a tree at a high school that was a meeting place for white students.	The is the reason of students..	0
My father spent his money on his company.	There is no causality between My and company..	1
My father spent his money on his company.	My is the reason of company..	0
The hamper was full of high-quality sweet biscuits, chocolates, cakes and puddings, shortbread, pickles, teas and wine.	There is no causality between The and wine..	1
The hamper was full of high-quality sweet biscuits, chocolates, cakes and puddings, shortbread, pickles, teas and wine.	The is the reason of wine..	0
The calculated efficiency has already been defined in the preceding paragraph.	There is no causality between The and paragraph..	1
The calculated efficiency has already been defined in the preceding paragraph.	The is the reason of paragraph..	0
In the evening, he threw wood into the bonfire.	There is no causality between In and bonfire..	1
In the evening, he threw wood into the bonfire.	In is the reason of bonfire..	0
The prosecution seeks to enter motives into Gibbs trial.	There is no causality between The and trial..	1
The prosecution seeks to enter motives into Gibbs trial.	The is the reason of trial..	0
Frequent agitations throw academic life into disarray.	There is no causality between Frequent and disarray..	1
Frequent agitations throw academic life into disarray.	Frequent is the reason of disarray..	0
The report informed about casualties in the area.	There is no causality between The and area..	1
The report informed about casualties in the area.	The is the reason of area..	0
We examined the electrical resistance of the paw pads of mice under the same conditions as used previously in studies of the passive avoidance response.	There is no causality between We and response..	1
We examined the electrical resistance of the paw pads of mice under the same conditions as used previously in studies of the passive avoidance response.	We is the reason of response..	0
I went with a few friends up to the sky pool bar area, proceeded to order a round of cocktail drinks and had to wait a considerable amount of time for them.	There is no causality between I and them..	1
I went with a few friends up to the sky pool bar area, proceeded to order a round of cocktail drinks and had to wait a considerable amount of time for them.	I is the reason of them..	0
Before the Council, Ireland had such a superfluity of Catholic priests that it exported many of them to Glasgow, England, and the United States.	There is no causality between Before and States..	1
Before the Council, Ireland had such a superfluity of Catholic priests that it exported many of them to Glasgow, England, and the United States.	Before is the reason of States..	0
These tanks have leaked contaminants into the groundwater.	There is no causality between These and groundwater..	1
These tanks have leaked contaminants into the groundwater.	These is the reason of groundwater..	0
Hiroshima has rejected the demands of some citizens and victims groups that the newly renovated museum include an exhibition on Japan's "aggressive role" in World War II, alongside the gruesome displays of the suffering and devastation caused by the bomb.	the bomb instigated by devastation	1
Hiroshima has rejected the demands of some citizens and victims groups that the newly renovated museum include an exhibition on Japan's "aggressive role" in World War II, alongside the gruesome displays of the suffering and devastation caused by the bomb.	devastation instigated by the bomb	0
The pig was in a crate on the back of the wagon, and cold as it was, Mr. Huy waded to the wagon and fed it that night and the next morning.	There is no causality between The and morning..	1
The pig was in a crate on the back of the wagon, and cold as it was, Mr. Huy waded to the wagon and fed it that night and the next morning.	The is the reason of morning..	0
I had another idea to do with child care that was stroller related.	There is no causality between I and related..	1
I had another idea to do with child care that was stroller related.	I is the reason of related..	0
The Skinner box was inside a large wooden icebox.	There is no causality between The and icebox..	1
The Skinner box was inside a large wooden icebox.	The is the reason of icebox..	0
I was formerly a person who looked at the sky expecting only the usual clutter of planes, stars, and the occasional blinking satellite.	There is no causality between I and satellite..	1
I was formerly a person who looked at the sky expecting only the usual clutter of planes, stars, and the occasional blinking satellite.	I is the reason of satellite..	0
The damages caused by the fires that immediately broke out and raged for three days, were by far worse than those caused by the earthquake itself.	the earthquake lead to The damages	1
The damages caused by the fires that immediately broke out and raged for three days, were by far worse than those caused by the earthquake itself.	The damages lead to the earthquake	0
These loans are travelling into foreclosure significantly slower than conventional loans.	There is no causality between These and loans..	1
These loans are travelling into foreclosure significantly slower than conventional loans.	These is the reason of loans..	0
The distance between a blog writer and an audience happens only if the audience never shows up.	There is no causality between The and up..	1
The distance between a blog writer and an audience happens only if the audience never shows up.	The is the reason of up..	0
A famous poet has entered his poems into three current contests.	There is no causality between A and contests..	1
A famous poet has entered his poems into three current contests.	A is the reason of contests..	0
Dulce, a sophisticated girl of twelve, did not in the least care for the bird-fancier, and his waiting meinie of sparrows, or to go into the Louvre for a last look at the Victory.	There is no causality between Dulce, and Victory..	1
Dulce, a sophisticated girl of twelve, did not in the least care for the bird-fancier, and his waiting meinie of sparrows, or to go into the Louvre for a last look at the Victory.	Dulce, is the reason of Victory..	0
She used her fingertips to scrub into the bristles of the brush, getting between crevices where food can often get stuck.	There is no causality between She and stuck..	1
She used her fingertips to scrub into the bristles of the brush, getting between crevices where food can often get stuck.	She is the reason of stuck..	0
The pilgrims rejoiced when they located a skein of wild fowl for their thanksgiving tables.	There is no causality between The and tables..	1
The pilgrims rejoiced when they located a skein of wild fowl for their thanksgiving tables.	The is the reason of tables..	0
The computer is kept in a common area within our home.	There is no causality between The and home..	1
The computer is kept in a common area within our home.	The is the reason of home..	0
The second hypothesis asserting economic domination is rejected, and the third largely accepted.	There is no causality between The and accepted..	1
The second hypothesis asserting economic domination is rejected, and the third largely accepted.	The is the reason of accepted..	0
He has highlighted some important issues with regard to the abilities of firefighters.	There is no causality between He and firefighters..	1
He has highlighted some important issues with regard to the abilities of firefighters.	He is the reason of firefighters..	0
The cat's large and prominent eyes are placed well forward on the head and, like the eyes of humans, they face forward.	There is no causality between The and forward..	1
The cat's large and prominent eyes are placed well forward on the head and, like the eyes of humans, they face forward.	The is the reason of forward..	0
The idea of Roman expansion into North Africa started with the fear and jealousy caused by the great economic power of Carthage.	the great economic power cause jealousy	1
The idea of Roman expansion into North Africa started with the fear and jealousy caused by the great economic power of Carthage.	jealousy cause the great economic power	0
The assay sample preparation unit processes a specimen using a fluorescent dye.	There is no causality between The and dye..	1
The assay sample preparation unit processes a specimen using a fluorescent dye.	The is the reason of dye..	0
Addiction and poverty lead to neglect and abuse.	poverty instigated by abuse	1
Addiction and poverty lead to neglect and abuse.	abuse instigated by poverty	0
Eighteen studies were focused on older adults living at home.	There is no causality between Eighteen and home..	1
Eighteen studies were focused on older adults living at home.	Eighteen is the reason of home..	0
This unwillingness to fund on a secured basis placed stress on the liquidity of the firm.	There is no causality between This and firm..	1
This unwillingness to fund on a secured basis placed stress on the liquidity of the firm.	This is the reason of firm..	0
It is an occasional publication reporting recent events and activities taking place at the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy.	There is no causality between It and Policy..	1
It is an occasional publication reporting recent events and activities taking place at the Institute for Agriculture and Trade Policy.	It is the reason of Policy..	0
Celebrity royalties flow into Dutch tax shelters.	There is no causality between Celebrity and shelters..	1
Celebrity royalties flow into Dutch tax shelters.	Celebrity is the reason of shelters..	0
Our objective is to review advances in the molecular biology and pharmacogenomics of lung cancer and how they apply to personalizing medicine.	There is no causality between Our and medicine..	1
Our objective is to review advances in the molecular biology and pharmacogenomics of lung cancer and how they apply to personalizing medicine.	Our is the reason of medicine..	0
The sailors threw tea into the Boston harbor.	There is no causality between The and harbor..	1
The sailors threw tea into the Boston harbor.	The is the reason of harbor..	0
Liver cancer caused by HBV virus is among the first three causes of death from cancer in men, and a major cause of cancer in women.	HBV virus was radiating from Liver cancer	1
Liver cancer caused by HBV virus is among the first three causes of death from cancer in men, and a major cause of cancer in women.	Liver cancer was radiating from HBV virus	0
The focus of study is on psychological or mental mechanisms, also referred to as decision processes, information processes, or Darwinian algorithms.	There is no causality between The and algorithms..	1
The focus of study is on psychological or mental mechanisms, also referred to as decision processes, information processes, or Darwinian algorithms.	The is the reason of algorithms..	0
A router manipulates a packet's header information to influence the packet's direction.	There is no causality between A and direction..	1
A router manipulates a packet's header information to influence the packet's direction.	A is the reason of direction..	0
Illinois race for lieutenant governor attracts a crowd of candidates.	There is no causality between Illinois and candidates..	1
Illinois race for lieutenant governor attracts a crowd of candidates.	Illinois is the reason of candidates..	0
Wales ' Commonwealth hopefuls impressed the gathered throng of spectators at the Norwich Union International this weekend.	There is no causality between Wales and weekend..	1
Wales ' Commonwealth hopefuls impressed the gathered throng of spectators at the Norwich Union International this weekend.	Wales is the reason of weekend..	0
The famous actor donated 100 houses to victims of last year's flood.	There is no causality between The and flood..	1
The famous actor donated 100 houses to victims of last year's flood.	The is the reason of flood..	0
I moved the file into the folder.	There is no causality between I and folder..	1
I moved the file into the folder.	I is the reason of folder..	0
Hundreds of bomb have been dropped into the target region.	There is no causality between Hundreds and region..	1
Hundreds of bomb have been dropped into the target region.	Hundreds is the reason of region..	0
Often times I have watched a scold of blue jays band together to battle the crows.	There is no causality between Often and crows..	1
Often times I have watched a scold of blue jays band together to battle the crows.	Often is the reason of crows..	0
The story put wine in a positive health light and pointed out that it was superior to other foods in that particular regard.	There is no causality between The and regard..	1
The story put wine in a positive health light and pointed out that it was superior to other foods in that particular regard.	The is the reason of regard..	0
MenuActivate" occurs when the user accesses the menu with the keyboard or mouse.	There is no causality between MenuActivate" and mouse..	1
MenuActivate" occurs when the user accesses the menu with the keyboard or mouse.	MenuActivate" is the reason of mouse..	0
The extrusion blew the molding into paperboard.	There is no causality between The and paperboard..	1
The extrusion blew the molding into paperboard.	The is the reason of paperboard..	0
The head gasket leaked coolant into the oil.	There is no causality between The and oil..	1
The head gasket leaked coolant into the oil.	The is the reason of oil..	0
A summary of the procedure appears in the table.	There is no causality between A and table..	1
A summary of the procedure appears in the table.	A is the reason of table..	0
The kids get to hop around in a sack or pillowcase.	There is no causality between The and pillowcase..	1
The kids get to hop around in a sack or pillowcase.	The is the reason of pillowcase..	0
Strawberry tea tastes almost as delicious as the berry itself, with a mild and fruity flavor.	There is no causality between Strawberry and flavor..	1
Strawberry tea tastes almost as delicious as the berry itself, with a mild and fruity flavor.	Strawberry is the reason of flavor..	0
The wind caused a neat effect on the smoke clouds though, causing a corkscrew in the otherwise straight line.	The wind was radiating from a corkscrew	1
The wind caused a neat effect on the smoke clouds though, causing a corkscrew in the otherwise straight line.	a corkscrew was radiating from The wind	0
La Nicchia's lemon marmalade is a sublime addition to any vinaigrette or fish marinade.	There is no causality between La and marinade..	1
La Nicchia's lemon marmalade is a sublime addition to any vinaigrette or fish marinade.	La is the reason of marinade..	0
Even the thinnest crack in a humidor is an open invitation to cigar beetles.	There is no causality between Even and beetles..	1
Even the thinnest crack in a humidor is an open invitation to cigar beetles.	Even is the reason of beetles..	0
Butlers  are respected as the head of the household staff.	There is no causality between Butlers and staff..	1
Butlers  are respected as the head of the household staff.	Butlers is the reason of staff..	0
The fish gill is arguably one of the most complex transport epithelia in the biological world.	There is no causality between The and world..	1
The fish gill is arguably one of the most complex transport epithelia in the biological world.	The is the reason of world..	0
California law consists of 29 codes, covering various subject areas, the State Constitution and Statutes.	There is no causality between California and Statutes..	1
California law consists of 29 codes, covering various subject areas, the State Constitution and Statutes.	California is the reason of Statutes..	0
This issue has been sent to the printer.	There is no causality between This and printer..	1
This issue has been sent to the printer.	This is the reason of printer..	0
A telescope assists the eye chiefly in two ways.	There is no causality between A and ways..	1
A telescope assists the eye chiefly in two ways.	A is the reason of ways..	0
This SNES controller has a flash drive loaded with ROMs inside.	There is no causality between This and inside..	1
This SNES controller has a flash drive loaded with ROMs inside.	This is the reason of inside..	0
For example, the photo at the top of the page shows a pilot's emergency kit with a watch type compass included.	There is no causality between For and included..	1
For example, the photo at the top of the page shows a pilot's emergency kit with a watch type compass included.	For is the reason of included..	0
Flapping with his wings the duckling quacked for joy.	There is no causality between Flapping and joy..	1
Flapping with his wings the duckling quacked for joy.	Flapping is the reason of joy..	0
The bomb was hidden in the gas tank of a motorcycle.	There is no causality between The and motorcycle..	1
The bomb was hidden in the gas tank of a motorcycle.	The is the reason of motorcycle..	0
A man picked us up at an airport on the west coast a short time ago, and on the floor of his car was a bottle with liquid in it.	There is no causality between A and it..	1
A man picked us up at an airport on the west coast a short time ago, and on the floor of his car was a bottle with liquid in it.	A is the reason of it..	0
We are only interested in the parts of the proposals that pertain to local issues.	There is no causality between We and issues..	1
We are only interested in the parts of the proposals that pertain to local issues.	We is the reason of issues..	0
Apparently, beyond the damage caused by the smoke and the water, the structure of the store itself it was not overly damaged.	the water lead to the damage	1
Apparently, beyond the damage caused by the smoke and the water, the structure of the store itself it was not overly damaged.	the damage lead to the water	0
And for brunch, we had the cast iron pan  as well as the banana pancakes with redcurrent syrup and caramelized bananas and walnuts .	There is no causality between And and ..	1
And for brunch, we had the cast iron pan  as well as the banana pancakes with redcurrent syrup and caramelized bananas and walnuts .	And is the reason of ..	0
The phone went into the washer.	There is no causality between The and washer..	1
The phone went into the washer.	The is the reason of washer..	0
Peterson worked as a fertilizer salesman before his arrest.	There is no causality between Peterson and arrest..	1
Peterson worked as a fertilizer salesman before his arrest.	Peterson is the reason of arrest..	0
Many disorders of the stomach and intestines cause nausea and vomiting.	Many disorders because vomiting	1
Many disorders of the stomach and intestines cause nausea and vomiting.	vomiting because Many disorders	0
And out of the Unspeakable River dividing Zambia and Zimbabwe splashes a crash of stampeding hippopotami.	There is no causality between And and hippopotami..	1
And out of the Unspeakable River dividing Zambia and Zimbabwe splashes a crash of stampeding hippopotami.	And is the reason of hippopotami..	0
He placed his index finger on the knife blade and his three remaining fingers on the knife handle.	There is no causality between He and handle..	1
He placed his index finger on the knife blade and his three remaining fingers on the knife handle.	He is the reason of handle..	0
The pandemic H1N1 flu virus was confirmed in a flock of breeder turkeys in Virginia.	There is no causality between The and Virginia..	1
The pandemic H1N1 flu virus was confirmed in a flock of breeder turkeys in Virginia.	The is the reason of Virginia..	0
The guard did his job with a scowling look on his face.	There is no causality between The and face..	1
The guard did his job with a scowling look on his face.	The is the reason of face..	0
The artist skilfully hand-carves the wood with a distinctive style which captures the beauty and the harmony of the nature.	There is no causality between The and nature..	1
The artist skilfully hand-carves the wood with a distinctive style which captures the beauty and the harmony of the nature.	The is the reason of nature..	0
His speech was a summary of known problems.	There is no causality between His and problems..	1
His speech was a summary of known problems.	His is the reason of problems..	0
In developing countries four-fifths of all the illnesses are caused by water-borne diseases, with diarrhoea being the leading cause of childhood death.	diarrhoea instigated by childhood death	1
In developing countries four-fifths of all the illnesses are caused by water-borne diseases, with diarrhoea being the leading cause of childhood death.	childhood death instigated by diarrhoea	0
I/O traffic is transferred directly into a target processor cache in accordance with routing information.	There is no causality between I/O and information..	1
I/O traffic is transferred directly into a target processor cache in accordance with routing information.	I/O is the reason of information..	0
Declining oil revenues have dragged this poor country into even deeper recession.	There is no causality between Declining and recession..	1
Declining oil revenues have dragged this poor country into even deeper recession.	Declining is the reason of recession..	0
The technical terms are defined in the glossary section of this document.	There is no causality between The and document..	1
The technical terms are defined in the glossary section of this document.	The is the reason of document..	0
The machine implant converts sounds into electrical signals.	There is no causality between The and signals..	1
The machine implant converts sounds into electrical signals.	The is the reason of signals..	0
Rudders and skegs improve the control over your kayak.	There is no causality between Rudders and kayak..	1
Rudders and skegs improve the control over your kayak.	Rudders is the reason of kayak..	0
She leant for a moment against the wheel of the truck and glanced about.	There is no causality between She and about..	1
She leant for a moment against the wheel of the truck and glanced about.	She is the reason of about..	0
Along the way the women developed a distinctive style, noted for its lively improvisations and geometric simplicity.	There is no causality between Along and simplicity..	1
Along the way the women developed a distinctive style, noted for its lively improvisations and geometric simplicity.	Along is the reason of simplicity..	0
Some posters  encouraged the population of areas near the front to evacuate, thus avoiding the overcrowding and ensuing problems of food distribution and disease caused by the incoming refugees.	the incoming refugees instigated by ensuing problems	1
Some posters  encouraged the population of areas near the front to evacuate, thus avoiding the overcrowding and ensuing problems of food distribution and disease caused by the incoming refugees.	ensuing problems instigated by the incoming refugees	0
The correct targeting signal is imported into the peroxisomes.	There is no causality between The and peroxisomes..	1
The correct targeting signal is imported into the peroxisomes.	The is the reason of peroxisomes..	0
We store the glue in a cool place.	There is no causality between We and place..	1
We store the glue in a cool place.	We is the reason of place..	0
The manure was stored in open sheds, though some stored it in closed sheds.	There is no causality between The and sheds..	1
The manure was stored in open sheds, though some stored it in closed sheds.	The is the reason of sheds..	0
OSHA regulates that a forklift operator's training program have three parts.	There is no causality between OSHA and parts..	1
OSHA regulates that a forklift operator's training program have three parts.	OSHA is the reason of parts..	0
In each house lives a person with a different nationality.	There is no causality between In and nationality..	1
In each house lives a person with a different nationality.	In is the reason of nationality..	0
A couple relaxes with a cup of coffee at one of Alaska's fabulous bed and breakfasts.	There is no causality between A and breakfasts..	1
A couple relaxes with a cup of coffee at one of Alaska's fabulous bed and breakfasts.	A is the reason of breakfasts..	0
The lungs are divided into lobes.	There is no causality between The and lobes..	1
The lungs are divided into lobes.	The is the reason of lobes..	0
Squeezed growers have put plight to the city dwellers.	There is no causality between Squeezed and dwellers..	1
Squeezed growers have put plight to the city dwellers.	Squeezed is the reason of dwellers..	0
These tough, stainless steel bolts have a pentagonal head designed for fastening a manhole cover in place.	There is no causality between These and place..	1
These tough, stainless steel bolts have a pentagonal head designed for fastening a manhole cover in place.	These is the reason of place..	0
Advanced XML Converter has a wizard driven interface for converting xml files into HTML, CSV, DBF and XLS formats with ease.	There is no causality between Advanced and ease..	1
Advanced XML Converter has a wizard driven interface for converting xml files into HTML, CSV, DBF and XLS formats with ease.	Advanced is the reason of ease..	0
One of the trickiest questions to answer in an interview relates to salary.	There is no causality between One and salary..	1
One of the trickiest questions to answer in an interview relates to salary.	One is the reason of salary..	0
He put a guinea into the hand of the poor fellow.	There is no causality between He and fellow..	1
He put a guinea into the hand of the poor fellow.	He is the reason of fellow..	0
His work has led to new treatments for addicts, tests for drug intoxication and understanding of how heroin, other opiates and cocaine cause dependence and withdrawal.	cocaine because withdrawal	1
His work has led to new treatments for addicts, tests for drug intoxication and understanding of how heroin, other opiates and cocaine cause dependence and withdrawal.	withdrawal because cocaine	0
But in 1993, Montalban had a 10-hour surgery to try to alleviate the pain and discomfort from this injury.	this injury from discomfort	1
But in 1993, Montalban had a 10-hour surgery to try to alleviate the pain and discomfort from this injury.	discomfort from this injury	0
Annie's the inventor of the astoundingly clever Flip Knit, a low tech, portable alternative to knitting videos.	There is no causality between Annie's and videos..	1
Annie's the inventor of the astoundingly clever Flip Knit, a low tech, portable alternative to knitting videos.	Annie's is the reason of videos..	0
You are in the chair while the dentist gets the drill ready to begin work on your teeth.	There is no causality between You and teeth..	1
You are in the chair while the dentist gets the drill ready to begin work on your teeth.	You is the reason of teeth..	0
The 50g is hands-down, the absolute best calculator for engineers, surveyors, and hackers.	There is no causality between The and hackers..	1
The 50g is hands-down, the absolute best calculator for engineers, surveyors, and hackers.	The is the reason of hackers..	0
Visibly disturbed, the girl searched the room with the burning candle.	There is no causality between Visibly and candle..	1
Visibly disturbed, the girl searched the room with the burning candle.	Visibly is the reason of candle..	0
The best mode of the invention is to form the pillow of firm foam rather than using cotton or cloth or feather filers.	There is no causality between The and filers..	1
The best mode of the invention is to form the pillow of firm foam rather than using cotton or cloth or feather filers.	The is the reason of filers..	0
They achieved the maximum possible flexibility in a crockery basket for receiving a plurality of different items of crockery.	There is no causality between They and crockery..	1
They achieved the maximum possible flexibility in a crockery basket for receiving a plurality of different items of crockery.	They is the reason of crockery..	0
I awoke to find a conjunction of grammarians standing over me, observing my disposition with a look that would put a sneer of butlers to shame.	There is no causality between I and shame..	1
I awoke to find a conjunction of grammarians standing over me, observing my disposition with a look that would put a sneer of butlers to shame.	I is the reason of shame..	0
A heavy storm is moving into the town.	There is no causality between A and town..	1
A heavy storm is moving into the town.	A is the reason of town..	0
The elections to the minority seats are held on separate electorate basis consisting of non-Muslim population of the country under the same general procedures as those for the Muslim seats and at the same time.	There is no causality between The and time..	1
The elections to the minority seats are held on separate electorate basis consisting of non-Muslim population of the country under the same general procedures as those for the Muslim seats and at the same time.	The is the reason of time..	0
The contents of the satchel were a revelation.	There is no causality between The and revelation..	1
The contents of the satchel were a revelation.	The is the reason of revelation..	0
An Afghan handed over innocent people into torture.	There is no causality between An and torture..	1
An Afghan handed over innocent people into torture.	An is the reason of torture..	0
The cowboy swiftly adjusted the halter with a turn of chain between the jaws.	There is no causality between The and jaws..	1
The cowboy swiftly adjusted the halter with a turn of chain between the jaws.	The is the reason of jaws..	0
The anthrax was in a suitcase, on its way to Canada.	There is no causality between The and Canada..	1
The anthrax was in a suitcase, on its way to Canada.	The is the reason of Canada..	0
Your cat uses these whiskers to judge the size of an opening.	There is no causality between Your and opening..	1
Your cat uses these whiskers to judge the size of an opening.	Your is the reason of opening..	0
Sun astronomy is explored in this book with large type, full-page color photos, and a word list for young readers.	There is no causality between Sun and readers..	1
Sun astronomy is explored in this book with large type, full-page color photos, and a word list for young readers.	Sun is the reason of readers..	0
The cover of the inner artwork of the record was analysed in an article published in 2008.	There is no causality between The and 2008..	1
The cover of the inner artwork of the record was analysed in an article published in 2008.	The is the reason of 2008..	0
In this article, he explores impulsivity in detail.	There is no causality between In and detail..	1
In this article, he explores impulsivity in detail.	In is the reason of detail..	0
Adults use drugs for this purpose.	There is no causality between Adults and purpose..	1
Adults use drugs for this purpose.	Adults is the reason of purpose..	0
Systemically, dust and fume cause irritation of the upper respiratory tract, metallic taste and nausea.	fume was radiating from nausea	1
Systemically, dust and fume cause irritation of the upper respiratory tract, metallic taste and nausea.	nausea was radiating from fume	0
The box holds our pool equipment perfectly.	There is no causality between The and perfectly..	1
The box holds our pool equipment perfectly.	The is the reason of perfectly..	0
One pottery vessel lay on her breast, and the body was enclosed in a reed mat.	There is no causality between One and mat..	1
One pottery vessel lay on her breast, and the body was enclosed in a reed mat.	One is the reason of mat..	0
One cat pats another individual with its forepaw, keeping claws retracted.	There is no causality between One and retracted..	1
One cat pats another individual with its forepaw, keeping claws retracted.	One is the reason of retracted..	0
The first book dealt with the tragic impact of the Cultural Revolution on a highly educated family of literary intellectuals.	There is no causality between The and intellectuals..	1
The first book dealt with the tragic impact of the Cultural Revolution on a highly educated family of literary intellectuals.	The is the reason of intellectuals..	0
On National day, the government bestowed awards to deserving individuals.	There is no causality between On and individuals..	1
On National day, the government bestowed awards to deserving individuals.	On is the reason of individuals..	0
Anesthesia is not necessary since the dentist uses the drill and sandpaper discs and polishing wheels to reshape the teeth.	There is no causality between Anesthesia and teeth..	1
Anesthesia is not necessary since the dentist uses the drill and sandpaper discs and polishing wheels to reshape the teeth.	Anesthesia is the reason of teeth..	0
This lot are simply an ace young British pop band, who recorded the most consistent power-pop album of 2009.	There is no causality between This and 2009..	1
This lot are simply an ace young British pop band, who recorded the most consistent power-pop album of 2009.	This is the reason of 2009..	0
The Israeli army erected a giant earth mound across a crucial agricultural road in the northern West Bank.	There is no causality between The and Bank..	1
The Israeli army erected a giant earth mound across a crucial agricultural road in the northern West Bank.	The is the reason of Bank..	0
Infamous criminal's skull was handed over to the authorities.	There is no causality between Infamous and authorities..	1
Infamous criminal's skull was handed over to the authorities.	Infamous is the reason of authorities..	0
The monitor was enclosed in the lid of the wire recorder case.	There is no causality between The and case..	1
The monitor was enclosed in the lid of the wire recorder case.	The is the reason of case..	0
This brotherhood of halfling rogues is the most powerful criminal organisation in town.	There is no causality between This and town..	1
This brotherhood of halfling rogues is the most powerful criminal organisation in town.	This is the reason of town..	0
The research team is going into the deep jungle in the Amazon.	There is no causality between The and Amazon..	1
The research team is going into the deep jungle in the Amazon.	The is the reason of Amazon..	0
The trainer touched the scorpion lightly with the end of a straw and it lifted its tail up.	There is no causality between The and up..	1
The trainer touched the scorpion lightly with the end of a straw and it lifted its tail up.	The is the reason of up..	0
A multi-purpose electrician pliers tool is crucial for severing any gauge wire with which the electrician is working.	There is no causality between A and working..	1
A multi-purpose electrician pliers tool is crucial for severing any gauge wire with which the electrician is working.	A is the reason of working..	0
This point has been discussed in several legal battles over the years.	There is no causality between This and years..	1
This point has been discussed in several legal battles over the years.	This is the reason of years..	0
Seventy-first regiment and the rest of the cavalry composed the reserve.	There is no causality between Seventy-first and reserve..	1
Seventy-first regiment and the rest of the cavalry composed the reserve.	Seventy-first is the reason of reserve..	0
The files reveal militarist plot to kill Yoshida.	There is no causality between The and Yoshida..	1
The files reveal militarist plot to kill Yoshida.	The is the reason of Yoshida..	0
The jewelry was in a cabinet in the same room.	There is no causality between The and room..	1
The jewelry was in a cabinet in the same room.	The is the reason of room..	0
With each visit, the lamb shank gets better, tender and lemon-scented beside a hill of cannellini beans seasoned with oven-intensified tomatoes.	There is no causality between With and tomatoes..	1
With each visit, the lamb shank gets better, tender and lemon-scented beside a hill of cannellini beans seasoned with oven-intensified tomatoes.	With is the reason of tomatoes..	0
State abandoned national socio-cultural imperatives and rushed in to join the scandalous community and the camaraderie of the tyrants.	There is no causality between State and tyrants..	1
State abandoned national socio-cultural imperatives and rushed in to join the scandalous community and the camaraderie of the tyrants.	State is the reason of tyrants..	0
This series consists of edited collections of essays, some original and some previously published.	There is no causality between This and published..	1
This series consists of edited collections of essays, some original and some previously published.	This is the reason of published..	0
The bomb was hidden in a Toshiba radio-cassette player which in turn, was inside a brown Samsonite suitcase.	There is no causality between The and suitcase..	1
The bomb was hidden in a Toshiba radio-cassette player which in turn, was inside a brown Samsonite suitcase.	The is the reason of suitcase..	0
Bob Oblong's suggestions have been used as kindling for the factory's furnace.	There is no causality between Bob and furnace..	1
Bob Oblong's suggestions have been used as kindling for the factory's furnace.	Bob is the reason of furnace..	0
The guys catch the shad with gill nets.	There is no causality between The and nets..	1
The guys catch the shad with gill nets.	The is the reason of nets..	0
The foreign machineguns, greasegun, and machine gun pistol were in a box about 3 ft long and 2 ft wide, olive drab in color, with white lettering on the box.	There is no causality between The and box..	1
The foreign machineguns, greasegun, and machine gun pistol were in a box about 3 ft long and 2 ft wide, olive drab in color, with white lettering on the box.	The is the reason of box..	0
Authors use a RadioButtonGroup control for this purpose.	There is no causality between Authors and purpose..	1
Authors use a RadioButtonGroup control for this purpose.	Authors is the reason of purpose..	0
This course is part of the master of veterinary public health  programme at Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Denmark.	There is no causality between This and Denmark..	1
This course is part of the master of veterinary public health  programme at Faculty of Life Sciences, University of Copenhagen, Denmark.	This is the reason of Denmark..	0
A lizard sticks its tongue out of its mouth.	There is no causality between A and mouth..	1
A lizard sticks its tongue out of its mouth.	A is the reason of mouth..	0
Voltage surges or spikes are caused by lightning, short circuits, power company equipment problems, and inductive spikes, among many other causes.	inductive spikes because Voltage surges or spikes	1
Voltage surges or spikes are caused by lightning, short circuits, power company equipment problems, and inductive spikes, among many other causes.	Voltage surges or spikes because inductive spikes	0
The effort to buy papers is pushed into the next year.	There is no causality between The and year..	1
The effort to buy papers is pushed into the next year.	The is the reason of year..	0
Molten core have been dropped into the river to investigate the conditions of the occurrence of a steam.	There is no causality between Molten and steam..	1
Molten core have been dropped into the river to investigate the conditions of the occurrence of a steam.	Molten is the reason of steam..	0
The outbreak resulted in 256 deaths and 3,402 injuries.	The outbreak from 3,402 injuries	1
The outbreak resulted in 256 deaths and 3,402 injuries.	3,402 injuries from The outbreak	0
This documentary film reveals a shocking insight into the Jamaican economy and everyday life.	There is no causality between This and life..	1
This documentary film reveals a shocking insight into the Jamaican economy and everyday life.	This is the reason of life..	0
This dishwasher has simple, straightforward electronic controls.	There is no causality between This and controls..	1
This dishwasher has simple, straightforward electronic controls.	This is the reason of controls..	0
The human psyche is seen to be a confederation of various aspects .	There is no causality between The and ..	1
The human psyche is seen to be a confederation of various aspects .	The is the reason of ..	0
Everton sent hammers into the drop zone.	There is no causality between Everton and zone..	1
Everton sent hammers into the drop zone.	Everton is the reason of zone..	0
Pressure regulation using the valve and different amounts of fluid goes a long way in keeping your hydraulic log splitter in action.	There is no causality between Pressure and action..	1
Pressure regulation using the valve and different amounts of fluid goes a long way in keeping your hydraulic log splitter in action.	Pressure is the reason of action..	0
The furniture industry constitutes of one the most important sectors of the Polish economy.	There is no causality between The and economy..	1
The furniture industry constitutes of one the most important sectors of the Polish economy.	The is the reason of economy..	0
A giraffe 's tongue is purplish-black and can extend almost twenty inches.	There is no causality between A and inches..	1
A giraffe 's tongue is purplish-black and can extend almost twenty inches.	A is the reason of inches..	0
The first door inside the bathroom is a linen cupboard.	There is no causality between The and cupboard..	1
The first door inside the bathroom is a linen cupboard.	The is the reason of cupboard..	0
And we do recommend excersise, as the kitchen holds culinary temptations in store for you that are bound to prolong your evening and lift your spirit.	There is no causality between And and spirit..	1
And we do recommend excersise, as the kitchen holds culinary temptations in store for you that are bound to prolong your evening and lift your spirit.	And is the reason of spirit..	0
The artist moves a pointer attached to one part of the pantograph along the outline of the original flat image, and a pencil attached to another part traces out the image but at a larger scale.	There is no causality between The and scale..	1
The artist moves a pointer attached to one part of the pantograph along the outline of the original flat image, and a pencil attached to another part traces out the image but at a larger scale.	The is the reason of scale..	0
The editor cum scientist approached the pod with reverence, and a remote control device.	There is no causality between The and device..	1
The editor cum scientist approached the pod with reverence, and a remote control device.	The is the reason of device..	0
The world was enclosed in an egg before creation.	There is no causality between The and creation..	1
The world was enclosed in an egg before creation.	The is the reason of creation..	0
We did an integration of the git-based release workflow into the distribution.	There is no causality between We and distribution..	1
We did an integration of the git-based release workflow into the distribution.	We is the reason of distribution..	0
Other items advertised on TV simply melt the chocolate on the stovetop.	There is no causality between Other and stovetop..	1
Other items advertised on TV simply melt the chocolate on the stovetop.	Other is the reason of stovetop..	0
Public brand products were donated to charities.	There is no causality between Public and charities..	1
Public brand products were donated to charities.	Public is the reason of charities..	0
Tarps Plus has the best tarps for painters on the market.	There is no causality between Tarps and market..	1
Tarps Plus has the best tarps for painters on the market.	Tarps is the reason of market..	0
The mp3 player was inside a silicone case that covered everything but the click wheel and the screen.	There is no causality between The and screen..	1
The mp3 player was inside a silicone case that covered everything but the click wheel and the screen.	The is the reason of screen..	0
The sheer scale of the death and destruction caused by the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami is impossible to fathom, even five years on.	the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami instigated by destruction	1
The sheer scale of the death and destruction caused by the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami is impossible to fathom, even five years on.	destruction instigated by the 2004 Boxing Day tsunami	0
While it took only minutes for the Pacific tsunami and earthquake to cause havoc to the south coast of Samoa, the rebuilding and reconstruction efforts will take years.	earthquake cause havoc	1
While it took only minutes for the Pacific tsunami and earthquake to cause havoc to the south coast of Samoa, the rebuilding and reconstruction efforts will take years.	havoc cause earthquake	0
I pressed the button of the radio for contacting the engine driver and said that there was much smoke in the car.	There is no causality between I and car..	1
I pressed the button of the radio for contacting the engine driver and said that there was much smoke in the car.	I is the reason of car..	0
Blast fishing or dynamite fishing is the practice of using explosives to stun or kill fish.	There is no causality between Blast and fish..	1
Blast fishing or dynamite fishing is the practice of using explosives to stun or kill fish.	Blast is the reason of fish..	0
University guarantees that the student accesses the subjects with the proper background.	There is no causality between University and background..	1
University guarantees that the student accesses the subjects with the proper background.	University is the reason of background..	0
The keel acts as the backbone of the ship.	There is no causality between The and ship..	1
The keel acts as the backbone of the ship.	The is the reason of ship..	0
She is the village bank president for a village bank loan group consisting of eight people.	There is no causality between She and people..	1
She is the village bank president for a village bank loan group consisting of eight people.	She is the reason of people..	0
You carry it in a purse or pocket or attach it to your belt using the clip on the back of the alarm.	There is no causality between You and alarm..	1
You carry it in a purse or pocket or attach it to your belt using the clip on the back of the alarm.	You is the reason of alarm..	0
I sent you a suitcase with cash in it so you can fill it up with wine gummies.	There is no causality between I and gummies..	1
I sent you a suitcase with cash in it so you can fill it up with wine gummies.	I is the reason of gummies..	0
My last post has driven some great discussion around what an open standard means.	There is no causality between My and means..	1
My last post has driven some great discussion around what an open standard means.	My is the reason of means..	0
The Princeton Jaycees have bestowed senatorships to three individuals.	There is no causality between The and individuals..	1
The Princeton Jaycees have bestowed senatorships to three individuals.	The is the reason of individuals..	0
US researchers have found a gene responsible for turning a plate of pasta into fat, offering new clues.	There is no causality between US and clues..	1
US researchers have found a gene responsible for turning a plate of pasta into fat, offering new clues.	US is the reason of clues..	0
The chronic myelogenous leukemia-specific P210 protein is the product of the bcr/abl hybrid gene.	There is no causality between The and gene..	1
The chronic myelogenous leukemia-specific P210 protein is the product of the bcr/abl hybrid gene.	The is the reason of gene..	0
The Aerosmith game was in a bin over on the other side of the store.	There is no causality between The and store..	1
The Aerosmith game was in a bin over on the other side of the store.	The is the reason of store..	0
The chip was implanted into the pet.	There is no causality between The and pet..	1
The chip was implanted into the pet.	The is the reason of pet..	0
The celebrity poured money into modern artwork.	There is no causality between The and artwork..	1
The celebrity poured money into modern artwork.	The is the reason of artwork..	0
This week we donated handcrafted fabric works to the local church.	There is no causality between This and church..	1
This week we donated handcrafted fabric works to the local church.	This is the reason of church..	0
The system combined the hierarchical structure of decision trees with a clean probabilistic semantics.	There is no causality between The and semantics..	1
The system combined the hierarchical structure of decision trees with a clean probabilistic semantics.	The is the reason of semantics..	0
Joint problems are caused by osteoarthitis , subluxations, sprains, intervertebral disc.	intervertebral disc from Joint problems	1
Joint problems are caused by osteoarthitis , subluxations, sprains, intervertebral disc.	Joint problems from intervertebral disc	0
Taylor reflected on his actions in a 2003 interview.	There is no causality between Taylor and interview..	1
Taylor reflected on his actions in a 2003 interview.	Taylor is the reason of interview..	0
This invention relates to a mooring fender apparatus, particular an apparatus to protect the gunnel and rub rail of a boat.	There is no causality between This and boat..	1
This invention relates to a mooring fender apparatus, particular an apparatus to protect the gunnel and rub rail of a boat.	This is the reason of boat..	0
The numismatic topics were placed into categories.	There is no causality between The and categories..	1
The numismatic topics were placed into categories.	The is the reason of categories..	0
He put a rebound into an open net for his eighth goal.	There is no causality between He and goal..	1
He put a rebound into an open net for his eighth goal.	He is the reason of goal..	0
The turtle was slowly pushing the jellyfish in front of his mouth , keeping his prey steady with his flippers.	There is no causality between The and flippers..	1
The turtle was slowly pushing the jellyfish in front of his mouth , keeping his prey steady with his flippers.	The is the reason of flippers..	0
The report insisted on the need to guarantee income security independently of the variations in economic circumstances.	There is no causality between The and circumstances..	1
The report insisted on the need to guarantee income security independently of the variations in economic circumstances.	The is the reason of circumstances..	0
That club cost him as he put a shot into a bunker on hole 13.	There is no causality between That and 13..	1
That club cost him as he put a shot into a bunker on hole 13.	That is the reason of 13..	0
Waves and coastal erosion is a good general discussion of these subjects.	There is no causality between Waves and subjects..	1
Waves and coastal erosion is a good general discussion of these subjects.	Waves is the reason of subjects..	0
This page explains commonly used terms in chess in alphabetical order.	There is no causality between This and order..	1
This page explains commonly used terms in chess in alphabetical order.	This is the reason of order..	0
In 1672 he opened a tavern in Leiden and many of his pictures represent taverns and festive gatherings.	There is no causality between In and gatherings..	1
In 1672 he opened a tavern in Leiden and many of his pictures represent taverns and festive gatherings.	In is the reason of gatherings..	0
The innovative techniques consist of plantation of appropriate horticultural crops, fodder trees and medicinal plants along with micro-irrigation facilities.	There is no causality between The and facilities..	1
The innovative techniques consist of plantation of appropriate horticultural crops, fodder trees and medicinal plants along with micro-irrigation facilities.	The is the reason of facilities..	0
Vinegar flies are capable of living off alcohol fumes, alas, so it is enough toput out a bottle with attractant in it.	There is no causality between Vinegar and it..	1
Vinegar flies are capable of living off alcohol fumes, alas, so it is enough toput out a bottle with attractant in it.	Vinegar is the reason of it..	0
When the statesman threw together a draft of the constitution in 1776, he probably did not realise he would be working in a couple of the positions specified quite so soon.	There is no causality between When and soon..	1
When the statesman threw together a draft of the constitution in 1776, he probably did not realise he would be working in a couple of the positions specified quite so soon.	When is the reason of soon..	0
Ahead of her the young woman stops again and is leaning over the heavy iron railing of the bridge.	There is no causality between Ahead and bridge..	1
Ahead of her the young woman stops again and is leaning over the heavy iron railing of the bridge.	Ahead is the reason of bridge..	0
The order is posted to an overseas address.	There is no causality between The and address..	1
The order is posted to an overseas address.	The is the reason of address..	0
The wind lifted the umbrella, tipped the table, smashed some of the umbrella ribs, and ripped about half the umbrella seams.	There is no causality between The and seams..	1
The wind lifted the umbrella, tipped the table, smashed some of the umbrella ribs, and ripped about half the umbrella seams.	The is the reason of seams..	0
The nobility, honor, and chivalry of the warrior-knights of medieval Europe disappeared with modern warfare's machine guns, tanks, and nuclear bombs.	There is no causality between The and bombs..	1
The nobility, honor, and chivalry of the warrior-knights of medieval Europe disappeared with modern warfare's machine guns, tanks, and nuclear bombs.	The is the reason of bombs..	0
Here is a detective story involving some scientists and their efforts to explain the origins of a mysterious garment found in a reliquary.	There is no causality between Here and reliquary..	1
Here is a detective story involving some scientists and their efforts to explain the origins of a mysterious garment found in a reliquary.	Here is the reason of reliquary..	0
However, some person had broken the padlock of the chain across the road.	There is no causality between However, and road..	1
However, some person had broken the padlock of the chain across the road.	However, is the reason of road..	0
Coast guard participates in Veterans Day observance ceremony in Juneau.	There is no causality between Coast and Juneau..	1
Coast guard participates in Veterans Day observance ceremony in Juneau.	Coast is the reason of Juneau..	0
The hairdresser took his scissors and held up a coil of hair.	There is no causality between The and hair..	1
The hairdresser took his scissors and held up a coil of hair.	The is the reason of hair..	0
The laws apply to the play, officiating, equipment and procedures of the sport.	There is no causality between The and sport..	1
The laws apply to the play, officiating, equipment and procedures of the sport.	The is the reason of sport..	0
The charcuterie was well portioned offering lots of variety, well textured, with a nice accompaniment of condiments and composed salads.	There is no causality between The and salads..	1
The charcuterie was well portioned offering lots of variety, well textured, with a nice accompaniment of condiments and composed salads.	The is the reason of salads..	0
Listeners receive WBAI live over the internet , using one of the various audio formats below.	There is no causality between Listeners and below..	1
Listeners receive WBAI live over the internet , using one of the various audio formats below.	Listeners is the reason of below..	0
Tides are caused by the gravitational pull of the moon and sun, and the rotation of the Earth.	rotation instigated by Tides	1
Tides are caused by the gravitational pull of the moon and sun, and the rotation of the Earth.	Tides instigated by rotation	0
The contents of the memorandum included stigmatizing statements about Cannon.	There is no causality between The and Cannon..	1
The contents of the memorandum included stigmatizing statements about Cannon.	The is the reason of Cannon..	0
Both bacteria cause mortality in target species via a lethal septicaemia as a result of spore germination.	spore germination cause a lethal septicaemia	1
Both bacteria cause mortality in target species via a lethal septicaemia as a result of spore germination.	a lethal septicaemia cause spore germination	0
This article is about the use of bench marks in surveying, for other uses see Bench mark.	There is no causality between This and mark..	1
This article is about the use of bench marks in surveying, for other uses see Bench mark.	This is the reason of mark..	0
Criticism was directed at its storyline.	There is no causality between Criticism and storyline..	1
Criticism was directed at its storyline.	Criticism is the reason of storyline..	0
Such exemption also applies to goods supplied for use on ships and aircraft.	There is no causality between Such and aircraft..	1
Such exemption also applies to goods supplied for use on ships and aircraft.	Such is the reason of aircraft..	0
The garbages have been secretly thrown into the ocean for the last few years.	There is no causality between The and years..	1
The garbages have been secretly thrown into the ocean for the last few years.	The is the reason of years..	0
The accounts have been prepared on a historical cost basis.	There is no causality between The and basis..	1
The accounts have been prepared on a historical cost basis.	The is the reason of basis..	0
A lamentation of swans is swimming on the lake, some are on the shore, and others are flying.	There is no causality between A and flying..	1
A lamentation of swans is swimming on the lake, some are on the shore, and others are flying.	A is the reason of flying..	0
Both colds and flu cause inflammation of the mucous membranes .	flu instigated by inflammation	1
Both colds and flu cause inflammation of the mucous membranes .	inflammation instigated by flu	0
A panel discussion focusing on issues such as domestic violence and fearful relationships was held at the University of Rio Grande.	There is no causality between A and Grande..	1
A panel discussion focusing on issues such as domestic violence and fearful relationships was held at the University of Rio Grande.	A is the reason of Grande..	0
There are drain openings on both sides of the street in the curbs of the sidewalks.	There is no causality between There and sidewalks..	1
There are drain openings on both sides of the street in the curbs of the sidewalks.	There is the reason of sidewalks..	0
Last night, my friend ran into a legendary surfer at a bar.	There is no causality between Last and bar..	1
Last night, my friend ran into a legendary surfer at a bar.	Last is the reason of bar..	0
There are enough gills there to serve the oxygen demands of an entire shiver of whale sharks.	There is no causality between There and sharks..	1
There are enough gills there to serve the oxygen demands of an entire shiver of whale sharks.	There is the reason of sharks..	0
The clerk in the shop activated the card for us.	There is no causality between The and us..	1
The clerk in the shop activated the card for us.	The is the reason of us..	0
This barbell toy has an acrylic ring to rattle and lots of dots to "tongue".	There is no causality between This and "tongue"..	1
This barbell toy has an acrylic ring to rattle and lots of dots to "tongue".	This is the reason of "tongue"..	0
The coffee we got was in a cup the size of a thimble, and it was so strong.	There is no causality between The and strong..	1
The coffee we got was in a cup the size of a thimble, and it was so strong.	The is the reason of strong..	0
The server identifies the exam using the identifier and retrieves the corresponding template.	There is no causality between The and template..	1
The server identifies the exam using the identifier and retrieves the corresponding template.	The is the reason of template..	0
This add on uses an intermediate form to declare the latex/pdflatex rendering options.	There is no causality between This and options..	1
This add on uses an intermediate form to declare the latex/pdflatex rendering options.	This is the reason of options..	0
Like blood, the nanorobots deliver oxygen to each cell.	There is no causality between Like and cell..	1
Like blood, the nanorobots deliver oxygen to each cell.	Like is the reason of cell..	0
The directive applied to discrimination on the basis of gender reassignment as well as discrimination on the basis of sex alone.	There is no causality between The and alone..	1
The directive applied to discrimination on the basis of gender reassignment as well as discrimination on the basis of sex alone.	The is the reason of alone..	0
Term limits apply to many offices at both the federal and state level in the United States.	There is no causality between Term and States..	1
Term limits apply to many offices at both the federal and state level in the United States.	Term is the reason of States..	0
Wilderness tour guides often maintain a pace of asses to carry the equipment necessary for camping.	There is no causality between Wilderness and camping..	1
Wilderness tour guides often maintain a pace of asses to carry the equipment necessary for camping.	Wilderness is the reason of camping..	0
Bibliometrics is an increasingly important tool for research evaluation.	There is no causality between Bibliometrics and evaluation..	1
Bibliometrics is an increasingly important tool for research evaluation.	Bibliometrics is the reason of evaluation..	0
There were at least 12 firefighters operating on the roof of the supermarket at this time.	There is no causality between There and time..	1
There were at least 12 firefighters operating on the roof of the supermarket at this time.	There is the reason of time..	0
The company entered into collaborative research.	There is no causality between The and research..	1
The company entered into collaborative research.	The is the reason of research..	0
The current debate swirling around Leather's comments seems to suggest both.	There is no causality between The and both..	1
The current debate swirling around Leather's comments seems to suggest both.	The is the reason of both..	0
The yellow blazes denote the trail.	There is no causality between The and trail..	1
The yellow blazes denote the trail.	The is the reason of trail..	0
Just a moment ago you were pronouncing such astonishingly correct opinions about our town, and now you're so silent.	There is no causality between Just and silent..	1
Just a moment ago you were pronouncing such astonishingly correct opinions about our town, and now you're so silent.	Just is the reason of silent..	0
The software company addressed the problem with the publication of a fix on Saturday.	There is no causality between The and Saturday..	1
The software company addressed the problem with the publication of a fix on Saturday.	The is the reason of Saturday..	0
Pam Court added to the debate pointing out the need for investment in primary care as part of the long term strategy.	There is no causality between Pam and strategy..	1
Pam Court added to the debate pointing out the need for investment in primary care as part of the long term strategy.	Pam is the reason of strategy..	0
This is the right time to apply as many new projects are landing into markets in India.	There is no causality between This and India..	1
This is the right time to apply as many new projects are landing into markets in India.	This is the reason of India..	0
Congenital renal disease was detected in a flock of sheep in the English Midlands over 2 successive years .	There is no causality between Congenital and ..	1
Congenital renal disease was detected in a flock of sheep in the English Midlands over 2 successive years .	Congenital is the reason of ..	0
Another 40 million people have been pushed into hunger this year.	There is no causality between Another and year..	1
Another 40 million people have been pushed into hunger this year.	Another is the reason of year..	0
This test is performed with the patient sitting or standing and with the examiner holding the arm of the patient flexed to 90 degrees.	There is no causality between This and degrees..	1
This test is performed with the patient sitting or standing and with the examiner holding the arm of the patient flexed to 90 degrees.	This is the reason of degrees..	0
I sent files to programs other than MetaX.	There is no causality between I and MetaX..	1
I sent files to programs other than MetaX.	I is the reason of MetaX..	0
Some metal-free catalytic systems have been investigated in the paper.	There is no causality between Some and paper..	1
Some metal-free catalytic systems have been investigated in the paper.	Some is the reason of paper..	0
The signatures were fetched into the cache together with the instructions.	There is no causality between The and instructions..	1
The signatures were fetched into the cache together with the instructions.	The is the reason of instructions..	0
The early years of autism is the topic of discussion.	There is no causality between The and discussion..	1
The early years of autism is the topic of discussion.	The is the reason of discussion..	0
The strips were placed into individual chambers for incubation.	There is no causality between The and incubation..	1
The strips were placed into individual chambers for incubation.	The is the reason of incubation..	0
The variations are caused by stratospheric winds and the chemical production and destruction of ozone.	destruction cause The variations	1
The variations are caused by stratospheric winds and the chemical production and destruction of ozone.	The variations cause destruction	0
The bag was stored in a sack.	There is no causality between The and sack..	1
The bag was stored in a sack.	The is the reason of sack..	0
I kept a spray bottle with vinegar in it.	There is no causality between I and it..	1
I kept a spray bottle with vinegar in it.	I is the reason of it..	0
The postcard took the reader into the author's past.	There is no causality between The and past..	1
The postcard took the reader into the author's past.	The is the reason of past..	0
The landslides caused by these earthquakes and aftershocks were concentrated along the mudstone and sandstone surfaces.	aftershocks cause The landslides	1
The landslides caused by these earthquakes and aftershocks were concentrated along the mudstone and sandstone surfaces.	The landslides cause aftershocks	0
The money was hidden in an air-conditioning system's return duct, which conveniently connected to the room behind.	There is no causality between The and behind..	1
The money was hidden in an air-conditioning system's return duct, which conveniently connected to the room behind.	The is the reason of behind..	0
The researchers took advantage of a natural experiment to compare school performance with varying degrees of competition.	There is no causality between The and competition..	1
The researchers took advantage of a natural experiment to compare school performance with varying degrees of competition.	The is the reason of competition..	0
Some foreign workers moved into a converted dormitory at Serangoon Gardens estate on Friday.	There is no causality between Some and Friday..	1
Some foreign workers moved into a converted dormitory at Serangoon Gardens estate on Friday.	Some is the reason of Friday..	0
Paul Powell wasn't the only public figure in Illinois to keep money in a shoe box.	There is no causality between Paul and box..	1
Paul Powell wasn't the only public figure in Illinois to keep money in a shoe box.	Paul is the reason of box..	0
In 2004 a two men, including a local parks commissioner, defaced the monument with white paint and were sentenced to jail time.	There is no causality between In and time..	1
In 2004 a two men, including a local parks commissioner, defaced the monument with white paint and were sentenced to jail time.	In is the reason of time..	0
The aisles in the supermarket are well-designed.	There is no causality between The and well-designed..	1
The aisles in the supermarket are well-designed.	The is the reason of well-designed..	0
The court sent the drug addict into hibernation.	There is no causality between The and hibernation..	1
The court sent the drug addict into hibernation.	The is the reason of hibernation..	0
The winner has received the years worth of beauty products in a hamper.	There is no causality between The and hamper..	1
The winner has received the years worth of beauty products in a hamper.	The is the reason of hamper..	0
I've been a closet writer for a long time.	There is no causality between I've and time..	1
I've been a closet writer for a long time.	I've is the reason of time..	0
It was this moist ground that during construction engulfed a crane which remains under the stadium today.	There is no causality between It and today..	1
It was this moist ground that during construction engulfed a crane which remains under the stadium today.	It is the reason of today..	0
In this study, we examined the suspension of solid particles in a vessel equipped with dual traditional impellers.	There is no causality between In and impellers..	1
In this study, we examined the suspension of solid particles in a vessel equipped with dual traditional impellers.	In is the reason of impellers..	0
Peanut butter cookies are simply cookies that use peanut butter as one of the ingredients.	There is no causality between Peanut and ingredients..	1
Peanut butter cookies are simply cookies that use peanut butter as one of the ingredients.	Peanut is the reason of ingredients..	0
Veuve Clicquot's Yellow Label wine in a jeroboam is aged for up to 15 years.	There is no causality between Veuve and years..	1
Veuve Clicquot's Yellow Label wine in a jeroboam is aged for up to 15 years.	Veuve is the reason of years..	0
Months later, the birds composed the syllables into complete songs, whether the songs matched natural patterns or not.	There is no causality between Months and not..	1
Months later, the birds composed the syllables into complete songs, whether the songs matched natural patterns or not.	Months is the reason of not..	0
A musician who has written an album describing suicide bombers has said he is prepared to be imprisoned under new anti-terrorism legislation.	There is no causality between A and legislation..	1
A musician who has written an album describing suicide bombers has said he is prepared to be imprisoned under new anti-terrorism legislation.	A is the reason of legislation..	0
The second lesson points to the predominant role of quality over quantity.	There is no causality between The and quantity..	1
The second lesson points to the predominant role of quality over quantity.	The is the reason of quantity..	0
The rest of the volume presents the inscriptions, giving the circumstances of finding.	There is no causality between The and finding..	1
The rest of the volume presents the inscriptions, giving the circumstances of finding.	The is the reason of finding..	0
Proper washing and skin care can help to remove bacteria and oils which cause acne.	oils cause acne	1
Proper washing and skin care can help to remove bacteria and oils which cause acne.	acne cause oils	0
In the same way, a society is built up of many individuals.	There is no causality between In and individuals..	1
In the same way, a society is built up of many individuals.	In is the reason of individuals..	0
Chemical weapons have been dropped into the lake.	There is no causality between Chemical and lake..	1
Chemical weapons have been dropped into the lake.	Chemical is the reason of lake..	0
There is a suitcase full of money, which is being auctioned off.	There is no causality between There and off..	1
There is a suitcase full of money, which is being auctioned off.	There is the reason of off..	0
The red bead on the crank of the toy detaches, posing a choking hazard to young children.	There is no causality between The and children..	1
The red bead on the crank of the toy detaches, posing a choking hazard to young children.	The is the reason of children..	0
These people dropped animal food into the lake.	There is no causality between These and lake..	1
These people dropped animal food into the lake.	These is the reason of lake..	0
Also missing was a 38 caliber Smith & Wesson gun that was in a suitcase in the tractor.	There is no causality between Also and tractor..	1
Also missing was a 38 caliber Smith & Wesson gun that was in a suitcase in the tractor.	Also is the reason of tractor..	0
He held the vessel with his right hand and poured water into his left hand, and washed his hands up to the wrist.	There is no causality between He and wrist..	1
He held the vessel with his right hand and poured water into his left hand, and washed his hands up to the wrist.	He is the reason of wrist..	0
Estrogen dominance is one of the main causes of osteoporosis, cancer, ovarian cysts, fibroids and a host of other female problems in the U.S.	Estrogen dominance from other female problems	1
Estrogen dominance is one of the main causes of osteoporosis, cancer, ovarian cysts, fibroids and a host of other female problems in the U.S.	other female problems from Estrogen dominance	0
In accordance with the provisions of the Interim Agreement both parties agreed on this protocol for the implementation of the redeployment in Hebron.	There is no causality between In and Hebron..	1
In accordance with the provisions of the Interim Agreement both parties agreed on this protocol for the implementation of the redeployment in Hebron.	In is the reason of Hebron..	0
The flapper of the first stage hydraulic amplifier is rigidly attached to the midpoint of the armature flapper.	There is no causality between The and flapper..	1
The flapper of the first stage hydraulic amplifier is rigidly attached to the midpoint of the armature flapper.	The is the reason of flapper..	0
Recently, interviews were conduced on the topic of academic freedom.	There is no causality between Recently, and freedom..	1
Recently, interviews were conduced on the topic of academic freedom.	Recently, is the reason of freedom..	0
The story portrays a boy who encounters a young woman whom he must serve.	There is no causality between The and serve..	1
The story portrays a boy who encounters a young woman whom he must serve.	The is the reason of serve..	0
Surprisingly soon, a culprit popped out of the data.	There is no causality between Surprisingly and data..	1
Surprisingly soon, a culprit popped out of the data.	Surprisingly is the reason of data..	0
Lisa took great joy from laughing, volunteering at school,  taking pictures,  chatting,  the Twins and  Vikings,  playing softball and volleyball, and  time at Lake Vermilion.	time instigated by great joy	1
Lisa took great joy from laughing, volunteering at school,  taking pictures,  chatting,  the Twins and  Vikings,  playing softball and volleyball, and  time at Lake Vermilion.	great joy instigated by time	0
The infant was in a box.	There is no causality between The and box..	1
The infant was in a box.	The is the reason of box..	0
The magician shows a bottle full of soda.	There is no causality between The and soda..	1
The magician shows a bottle full of soda.	The is the reason of soda..	0
The filters are going into people's blood streams.	There is no causality between The and streams..	1
The filters are going into people's blood streams.	The is the reason of streams..	0
Lebanese gays come out of closet, but quietly.	There is no causality between Lebanese and quietly..	1
Lebanese gays come out of closet, but quietly.	Lebanese is the reason of quietly..	0
Biology is the natural science concerned with the study of life and living organisms.	There is no causality between Biology and organisms..	1
Biology is the natural science concerned with the study of life and living organisms.	Biology is the reason of organisms..	0
The programmes explored Britain's favourite games across a century of childhood.	There is no causality between The and childhood..	1
The programmes explored Britain's favourite games across a century of childhood.	The is the reason of childhood..	0
American scientists have discovered a way of creating new brain cells in a dish.	There is no causality between American and dish..	1
American scientists have discovered a way of creating new brain cells in a dish.	American is the reason of dish..	0
You needed a glamour cat to purr in this kennel of hungry hounds.	There is no causality between You and hounds..	1
You needed a glamour cat to purr in this kennel of hungry hounds.	You is the reason of hounds..	0
Until the 1960s, rural laborers and peasants composed the majority of Brazil's population and yet most scholars have downplayed their influence on the country's history.	There is no causality between Until and history..	1
Until the 1960s, rural laborers and peasants composed the majority of Brazil's population and yet most scholars have downplayed their influence on the country's history.	Until is the reason of history..	0
The man placed the cartridge into the printer.	There is no causality between The and printer..	1
The man placed the cartridge into the printer.	The is the reason of printer..	0
Apartment residents in Delaware were awarded $1 million for health problems due to mold growth from unrepaired leaks.	unrepaired leaks cause mold growth	1
Apartment residents in Delaware were awarded $1 million for health problems due to mold growth from unrepaired leaks.	mold growth cause unrepaired leaks	0
Aldergrove airport in Belfast was once renowned for the sight of a warren of 80 hares feeding between the runways.	There is no causality between Aldergrove and runways..	1
Aldergrove airport in Belfast was once renowned for the sight of a warren of 80 hares feeding between the runways.	Aldergrove is the reason of runways..	0
The entertainer defaced the soundman's vehicle with an ice pick.	There is no causality between The and pick..	1
The entertainer defaced the soundman's vehicle with an ice pick.	The is the reason of pick..	0
The kitchen holds many opportunities for teaching kids as well as having fun.	There is no causality between The and fun..	1
The kitchen holds many opportunities for teaching kids as well as having fun.	The is the reason of fun..	0
Optimizing a transformer driven active magnetic shield in induction heating.	There is no causality between Optimizing and heating..	1
Optimizing a transformer driven active magnetic shield in induction heating.	Optimizing is the reason of heating..	0
My cousin was arriving at the train station in Boston and I went for pickup.	There is no causality between My and pickup..	1
My cousin was arriving at the train station in Boston and I went for pickup.	My is the reason of pickup..	0
My chihuahua ate a tea bag of green tea within the last two hours.	There is no causality between My and hours..	1
My chihuahua ate a tea bag of green tea within the last two hours.	My is the reason of hours..	0
Social breakdown and poverty caused by civil war in several African countries has caused further increases in the rate of prostitution in those countries.	civil war instigated by poverty	1
Social breakdown and poverty caused by civil war in several African countries has caused further increases in the rate of prostitution in those countries.	poverty instigated by civil war	0
While the job was good, Ahmed's daily exposure to the troupe of circus performers and artists continued to pique his interest.	There is no causality between While and interest..	1
While the job was good, Ahmed's daily exposure to the troupe of circus performers and artists continued to pique his interest.	While is the reason of interest..	0
So there's a great bike of ants outside, and in dealing with such I've managed to bring some inside with me.	There is no causality between So and me..	1
So there's a great bike of ants outside, and in dealing with such I've managed to bring some inside with me.	So is the reason of me..	0
There are four caverns located inside the cave with the tunnel heading west being the largest.	There is no causality between There and largest..	1
There are four caverns located inside the cave with the tunnel heading west being the largest.	There is the reason of largest..	0
I took everything out and immediately placed the phone in the cradle to charge the battery.	There is no causality between I and battery..	1
I took everything out and immediately placed the phone in the cradle to charge the battery.	I is the reason of battery..	0
When the taxi driver stopped his car and got out, the two people ran up the street toward downtown Potsdam.	There is no causality between When and Potsdam..	1
When the taxi driver stopped his car and got out, the two people ran up the street toward downtown Potsdam.	When is the reason of Potsdam..	0
The libel claimant has proved that the statement was defamatory.	There is no causality between The and defamatory..	1
The libel claimant has proved that the statement was defamatory.	The is the reason of defamatory..	0
The animals on this farm are contented, happy cattle.	There is no causality between The and cattle..	1
The animals on this farm are contented, happy cattle.	The is the reason of cattle..	0
Worse, the family money was in a jar in the house and was also lost.	There is no causality between Worse, and lost..	1
Worse, the family money was in a jar in the house and was also lost.	Worse, is the reason of lost..	0
It is the only journal dedicated to veterinary imaging.	There is no causality between It and imaging..	1
It is the only journal dedicated to veterinary imaging.	It is the reason of imaging..	0
The 9-mm pistol was hidden in the battery slot of the laptop and could have been used in a possible hijacking attempt.	There is no causality between The and attempt..	1
The 9-mm pistol was hidden in the battery slot of the laptop and could have been used in a possible hijacking attempt.	The is the reason of attempt..	0
This guide outlines the issues to consider before submitting your Junior Reporter pieces.	There is no causality between This and pieces..	1
This guide outlines the issues to consider before submitting your Junior Reporter pieces.	This is the reason of pieces..	0
As Mr. Appenzeller retracted his hand in shock, a head popped out of the wet clothing, its eyes wide and frightened.	There is no causality between As and frightened..	1
As Mr. Appenzeller retracted his hand in shock, a head popped out of the wet clothing, its eyes wide and frightened.	As is the reason of frightened..	0
Females were caught and their eggs were removed into buckets.	There is no causality between Females and buckets..	1
Females were caught and their eggs were removed into buckets.	Females is the reason of buckets..	0
Since the inspector had left the yard, early that morning, he had disappeared.	There is no causality between Since and disappeared..	1
Since the inspector had left the yard, early that morning, he had disappeared.	Since is the reason of disappeared..	0
The horizontal branch is a part of the Hertzsprung -Russell  diagram that represents stars that burn helium in thier cores.	There is no causality between The and cores..	1
The horizontal branch is a part of the Hertzsprung -Russell  diagram that represents stars that burn helium in thier cores.	The is the reason of cores..	0
The scientists injected fluids into the animals.	There is no causality between The and animals..	1
The scientists injected fluids into the animals.	The is the reason of animals..	0
The hotel sector passed on benefits to the consumers.	There is no causality between The and consumers..	1
The hotel sector passed on benefits to the consumers.	The is the reason of consumers..	0
The straight, blue ion tail is caused by the solar wind and the curved dust tail is caused by solar radiation pressure.	solar radiation pressure was radiating from the curved dust tail	1
The straight, blue ion tail is caused by the solar wind and the curved dust tail is caused by solar radiation pressure.	the curved dust tail was radiating from solar radiation pressure	0
Alfonso used a crowbar to break the padlock of the cage and took the generator and put it inside his car.	There is no causality between Alfonso and car..	1
Alfonso used a crowbar to break the padlock of the cage and took the generator and put it inside his car.	Alfonso is the reason of car..	0
Furthermore, these INGO practitioners constructed a discourse around participation which distorted the real significance of participation.	There is no causality between Furthermore, and participation..	1
Furthermore, these INGO practitioners constructed a discourse around participation which distorted the real significance of participation.	Furthermore, is the reason of participation..	0
The parent parameter was passed on to the QObject constructor.	There is no causality between The and constructor..	1
The parent parameter was passed on to the QObject constructor.	The is the reason of constructor..	0
They connected the plug of the battery box to the plug of the charger.	There is no causality between They and charger..	1
They connected the plug of the battery box to the plug of the charger.	They is the reason of charger..	0
He is mentioned in the first chapter of Walton's " Compleat Angler," wherein Venator refers to a meet of his hounds at Am well Hill.	There is no causality between He and Hill..	1
He is mentioned in the first chapter of Walton's " Compleat Angler," wherein Venator refers to a meet of his hounds at Am well Hill.	He is the reason of Hill..	0
She prepared some beef bouillon and let it cool.	There is no causality between She and cool..	1
She prepared some beef bouillon and let it cool.	She is the reason of cool..	0
For the original stud farm, desirous of producing the best horses for the dragoons and hussars, the lighter horse of a square frame was the ideal.	There is no causality between For and ideal..	1
For the original stud farm, desirous of producing the best horses for the dragoons and hussars, the lighter horse of a square frame was the ideal.	For is the reason of ideal..	0
It was the only time the president has wielded the veto pen during his six years in office.	There is no causality between It and office..	1
It was the only time the president has wielded the veto pen during his six years in office.	It is the reason of office..	0
The choice was recorded when the cow touched the training card with its nuzzle.	There is no causality between The and nuzzle..	1
The choice was recorded when the cow touched the training card with its nuzzle.	The is the reason of nuzzle..	0
As usual, an asterisk denotes a censored observation.	There is no causality between As and observation..	1
As usual, an asterisk denotes a censored observation.	As is the reason of observation..	0
The eruptions are caused by tectonic forces or by the compaction of sediments at the deltas of large rivers, such as the Mississippi.	the compaction lead to The eruptions	1
The eruptions are caused by tectonic forces or by the compaction of sediments at the deltas of large rivers, such as the Mississippi.	The eruptions lead to the compaction	0
Many films have portrayed mental illness or used it as a backdrop for other themes.	There is no causality between Many and themes..	1
Many films have portrayed mental illness or used it as a backdrop for other themes.	Many is the reason of themes..	0
Many Japanese companies have been moving into developing countries for cheap labor.	There is no causality between Many and labor..	1
Many Japanese companies have been moving into developing countries for cheap labor.	Many is the reason of labor..	0
Onions and garlic were added to the stew in the cauldron.	There is no causality between Onions and cauldron..	1
Onions and garlic were added to the stew in the cauldron.	Onions is the reason of cauldron..	0
Cornelius Gingerich sold a span of mules to Jake Ayers of Wellman last week.	There is no causality between Cornelius and week..	1
Cornelius Gingerich sold a span of mules to Jake Ayers of Wellman last week.	Cornelius is the reason of week..	0
The principal is a member of the corporation  and is its main professional adviser.	There is no causality between The and adviser..	1
The principal is a member of the corporation  and is its main professional adviser.	The is the reason of adviser..	0
The marijuana in the bed was in a suitcase.	There is no causality between The and suitcase..	1
The marijuana in the bed was in a suitcase.	The is the reason of suitcase..	0
Dizziness was caused by whiplash and head injury.	head injury lead to Dizziness	1
Dizziness was caused by whiplash and head injury.	Dizziness lead to head injury	0
Games aren't the only geeky point of reference for the designer's new line.	There is no causality between Games and line..	1
Games aren't the only geeky point of reference for the designer's new line.	Games is the reason of line..	0
The first couple of weeks at Palm have been a whirlwind.	There is no causality between The and whirlwind..	1
The first couple of weeks at Palm have been a whirlwind.	The is the reason of whirlwind..	0
Poor umpiring pushed the test into controversy.	There is no causality between Poor and controversy..	1
Poor umpiring pushed the test into controversy.	Poor is the reason of controversy..	0
Coquina is a poorly consolidated limestone composed of pieces of coral or shells.	There is no causality between Coquina and shells..	1
Coquina is a poorly consolidated limestone composed of pieces of coral or shells.	Coquina is the reason of shells..	0
This is how grain was delivered to the wooden grain bins and hay was put inside the upper part of the rock barn.	There is no causality between This and barn..	1
This is how grain was delivered to the wooden grain bins and hay was put inside the upper part of the rock barn.	This is the reason of barn..	0
The focus of the German professor's paper was very relevant to the main subject of the conference.	There is no causality between The and conference..	1
The focus of the German professor's paper was very relevant to the main subject of the conference.	The is the reason of conference..	0
The remaining three manuscripts concerned the psychological aspects of gender-confirming surgical treatment.	There is no causality between The and treatment..	1
The remaining three manuscripts concerned the psychological aspects of gender-confirming surgical treatment.	The is the reason of treatment..	0
Unit direct injection also injects fuel directly into the cylinder of the engine.	There is no causality between Unit and engine..	1
Unit direct injection also injects fuel directly into the cylinder of the engine.	Unit is the reason of engine..	0
We had breakfast and the chai was in a glass which I found a little strange.	There is no causality between We and strange..	1
We had breakfast and the chai was in a glass which I found a little strange.	We is the reason of strange..	0
The mechanism transported dust into shadowed regions.	There is no causality between The and regions..	1
The mechanism transported dust into shadowed regions.	The is the reason of regions..	0
In 2009, Daniel Bennett began litigation against the University of Leeds for it having disposed of 5s 7lbs of lizard excrement he had meticulously collected.	There is no causality between In and collected..	1
In 2009, Daniel Bennett began litigation against the University of Leeds for it having disposed of 5s 7lbs of lizard excrement he had meticulously collected.	In is the reason of collected..	0
It wasn't long before the animal was in a crate on its way back to its farm, courtesy of the assistant, of course.	There is no causality between It and course..	1
It wasn't long before the animal was in a crate on its way back to its farm, courtesy of the assistant, of course.	It is the reason of course..	0
My parents bought her a silver necklace almost identical to the one pictured.	There is no causality between My and pictured..	1
My parents bought her a silver necklace almost identical to the one pictured.	My is the reason of pictured..	0
This author has just completed the first book on the topic: GIS in Hospital and Healthcare Emergency Management.	There is no causality between This and Management..	1
This author has just completed the first book on the topic: GIS in Hospital and Healthcare Emergency Management.	This is the reason of Management..	0
Boils or furuncles are caused by staphylococcal bacterial infections of the hair follicles.	staphylococcal bacterial infections instigated by furuncles	1
Boils or furuncles are caused by staphylococcal bacterial infections of the hair follicles.	furuncles instigated by staphylococcal bacterial infections	0
Hardcore country cats are happy to live in the shed or the chicken house, or a nest deep inside a straw stack.	There is no causality between Hardcore and stack..	1
Hardcore country cats are happy to live in the shed or the chicken house, or a nest deep inside a straw stack.	Hardcore is the reason of stack..	0
This Pavoni machine has continuous brewing espresso coffee machine with push button, power indicator light and electro valve.	There is no causality between This and valve..	1
This Pavoni machine has continuous brewing espresso coffee machine with push button, power indicator light and electro valve.	This is the reason of valve..	0
Professional education is inevitably concerned with the future directions of the profession, and Technology and Society Magazine has published a number of articles about the implications for society of various trends and issues in engineering, computer science, and education.	There is no causality between Professional and education..	1
Professional education is inevitably concerned with the future directions of the profession, and Technology and Society Magazine has published a number of articles about the implications for society of various trends and issues in engineering, computer science, and education.	Professional is the reason of education..	0
The flat has a fully equipped kitchen, BBQ, two bathrooms, internet, sky and an indoor pool.	There is no causality between The and pool..	1
The flat has a fully equipped kitchen, BBQ, two bathrooms, internet, sky and an indoor pool.	The is the reason of pool..	0
The map was locked in a safe in her office.	There is no causality between The and office..	1
The map was locked in a safe in her office.	The is the reason of office..	0
One way to have a garden in the country is in a window box.	There is no causality between One and box..	1
One way to have a garden in the country is in a window box.	One is the reason of box..	0
The big secret is that their white cream sauce is in fact the same ranch sauce they put on their salads and for dipping.	There is no causality between The and dipping..	1
The big secret is that their white cream sauce is in fact the same ranch sauce they put on their salads and for dipping.	The is the reason of dipping..	0
In 1792, the emperor issued a 29-point decree which appeared to tighten Qing control over Tibet.	There is no causality between In and Tibet..	1
In 1792, the emperor issued a 29-point decree which appeared to tighten Qing control over Tibet.	In is the reason of Tibet..	0
Cadre of various ethnic groups defied the banda in Dharan of Sunsari district.	There is no causality between Cadre and district..	1
Cadre of various ethnic groups defied the banda in Dharan of Sunsari district.	Cadre is the reason of district..	0
The sonar picks up the swim bladder of the fish.	There is no causality between The and fish..	1
The sonar picks up the swim bladder of the fish.	The is the reason of fish..	0
Bacterial infections of the ear result in malodor, excessive exudation , and ulceration.	Bacterial infections instigated by ulceration	1
Bacterial infections of the ear result in malodor, excessive exudation , and ulceration.	ulceration instigated by Bacterial infections	0
Pentagon moves the troops into the Middle Eastern region.	There is no causality between Pentagon and region..	1
Pentagon moves the troops into the Middle Eastern region.	Pentagon is the reason of region..	0
When the arm of the patient is meticulously placed at the right atrium level in both positions, the difference is even greater than when the arm rests on the desk or on the arm support of the chair.	There is no causality between When and chair..	1
When the arm of the patient is meticulously placed at the right atrium level in both positions, the difference is even greater than when the arm rests on the desk or on the arm support of the chair.	When is the reason of chair..	0
In psychology, Eysenck Personality Questionnaire  is a questionnaire to assess the personality traits of a person.	There is no causality between In and person..	1
In psychology, Eysenck Personality Questionnaire  is a questionnaire to assess the personality traits of a person.	In is the reason of person..	0
Tense is a temporal linguistic quality expressing the time.	There is no causality between Tense and time..	1
Tense is a temporal linguistic quality expressing the time.	Tense is the reason of time..	0
The computer company is running into density scaling problems.	There is no causality between The and problems..	1
The computer company is running into density scaling problems.	The is the reason of problems..	0
During her talk she related some of the tricks that Orville liked to play on people.	There is no causality between During and people..	1
During her talk she related some of the tricks that Orville liked to play on people.	During is the reason of people..	0
His tragic ordeal has thrown our nation into mourning.	There is no causality between His and mourning..	1
His tragic ordeal has thrown our nation into mourning.	His is the reason of mourning..	0
The knot of struggling frogs stays flopping in the same spot on the pond surface.	There is no causality between The and surface..	1
The knot of struggling frogs stays flopping in the same spot on the pond surface.	The is the reason of surface..	0
The prophet was put into a vaulted cell in a dungeon, where he remained a long time.	There is no causality between The and time..	1
The prophet was put into a vaulted cell in a dungeon, where he remained a long time.	The is the reason of time..	0
Mouse rRNA transcription template is injected into the brain.	There is no causality between Mouse and brain..	1
Mouse rRNA transcription template is injected into the brain.	Mouse is the reason of brain..	0
The famous poet moved into a medical center.	There is no causality between The and center..	1
The famous poet moved into a medical center.	The is the reason of center..	0
Some of these data were presented in a paper read at the annual meeting.	There is no causality between Some and meeting..	1
Some of these data were presented in a paper read at the annual meeting.	Some is the reason of meeting..	0
I took a look at the way and in what direction the door of the dryer swings open since there was limited space in my laundry room.	There is no causality between I and room..	1
I took a look at the way and in what direction the door of the dryer swings open since there was limited space in my laundry room.	I is the reason of room..	0
White gasoline was put inside a metal canister with a smooth, flat base, and lit to heat up the metal.	There is no causality between White and metal..	1
White gasoline was put inside a metal canister with a smooth, flat base, and lit to heat up the metal.	White is the reason of metal..	0
The longest serving spacecraft goes into retirement.	There is no causality between The and retirement..	1
The longest serving spacecraft goes into retirement.	The is the reason of retirement..	0
The central theme of the book is the development of the idea of congruence.	There is no causality between The and congruence..	1
The central theme of the book is the development of the idea of congruence.	The is the reason of congruence..	0
I have dropped the beads into the gasoline.	There is no causality between I and gasoline..	1
I have dropped the beads into the gasoline.	I is the reason of gasoline..	0
Annulment is a legal procedure for declaring a marriage null and void.	There is no causality between Annulment and void..	1
Annulment is a legal procedure for declaring a marriage null and void.	Annulment is the reason of void..	0
Suzy" probably refers to the artist's assistant, Suzanne Miller.	There is no causality between Suzy" and Miller..	1
Suzy" probably refers to the artist's assistant, Suzanne Miller.	Suzy" is the reason of Miller..	0
The suspect threw a firebomb into the church lot.	There is no causality between The and lot..	1
The suspect threw a firebomb into the church lot.	The is the reason of lot..	0
He drags and drops the file icon into a folder.	There is no causality between He and folder..	1
He drags and drops the file icon into a folder.	He is the reason of folder..	0
The jobs migrated into the government.	There is no causality between The and government..	1
The jobs migrated into the government.	The is the reason of government..	0
Both squads battered the opposing goaltender with a continuous flurry of shots.	There is no causality between Both and shots..	1
Both squads battered the opposing goaltender with a continuous flurry of shots.	Both is the reason of shots..	0
Unlike modern tunnels, the brothers placed their fan at the entrance of the tunnel.	There is no causality between Unlike and tunnel..	1
Unlike modern tunnels, the brothers placed their fan at the entrance of the tunnel.	Unlike is the reason of tunnel..	0
The pet was overly sensitive, and thus the ticks and fleas caused rashes and discomfort.	fleas cause discomfort	1
The pet was overly sensitive, and thus the ticks and fleas caused rashes and discomfort.	discomfort cause fleas	0
Streema is an online radio tuner to listen, discover and share radios with your friends.	There is no causality between Streema and friends..	1
Streema is an online radio tuner to listen, discover and share radios with your friends.	Streema is the reason of friends..	0
Each congregation has a body of appointed male elders and ministerial servants.	There is no causality between Each and servants..	1
Each congregation has a body of appointed male elders and ministerial servants.	Each is the reason of servants..	0
Inside, they found a plastic bag with cocaine inside under the driver's seat.	There is no causality between Inside, and seat..	1
Inside, they found a plastic bag with cocaine inside under the driver's seat.	Inside, is the reason of seat..	0
The food here is outstanding, thanks to the expertly crafted culinary creations of the head chef.	There is no causality between The and chef..	1
The food here is outstanding, thanks to the expertly crafted culinary creations of the head chef.	The is the reason of chef..	0
Mr. Adel throws the rope of the rod as far as he can into the water.	There is no causality between Mr. and water..	1
Mr. Adel throws the rope of the rod as far as he can into the water.	Mr. is the reason of water..	0
The London-based law firm broke the news in a brief statement on Tottenham's official website.	There is no causality between The and website..	1
The London-based law firm broke the news in a brief statement on Tottenham's official website.	The is the reason of website..	0
I liked how his D cells were in a box behind the counter, with no prices on them, as if they were contraband or moonshine.	There is no causality between I and moonshine..	1
I liked how his D cells were in a box behind the counter, with no prices on them, as if they were contraband or moonshine.	I is the reason of moonshine..	0
This is an atlas of maps and graphic representations of the geographies of the new electronic territories of the Internet, the World-Wide Web and other emerging Cyberspaces.	There is no causality between This and Cyberspaces..	1
This is an atlas of maps and graphic representations of the geographies of the new electronic territories of the Internet, the World-Wide Web and other emerging Cyberspaces.	This is the reason of Cyberspaces..	0
Developed in 1979, depressed center wheels revolutionized angle grinding.	There is no causality between Developed and grinding..	1
Developed in 1979, depressed center wheels revolutionized angle grinding.	Developed is the reason of grinding..	0
In the chaos and urgency caused by the hurricanes, it was difficult to keep track of people with psychiatric disabilities.	the hurricanes lead to urgency	1
In the chaos and urgency caused by the hurricanes, it was difficult to keep track of people with psychiatric disabilities.	urgency lead to the hurricanes	0
This website is dedicated to providing quality addiction related information and drug and alcohol treatment program listings.	There is no causality between This and listings..	1
This website is dedicated to providing quality addiction related information and drug and alcohol treatment program listings.	This is the reason of listings..	0
An employee posted a negative comment about the company on Facebook.	There is no causality between An and Facebook..	1
An employee posted a negative comment about the company on Facebook.	An is the reason of Facebook..	0
The best way to peel a chestnut has long been a topic of debate.	There is no causality between The and debate..	1
The best way to peel a chestnut has long been a topic of debate.	The is the reason of debate..	0
Rice spirits in Asia are almost always female and regarded as a kind of mother figure .	There is no causality between Rice and ..	1
Rice spirits in Asia are almost always female and regarded as a kind of mother figure .	Rice is the reason of ..	0
The founders designed the constitution to transform the barbarian rule we rejected as colonies, into a civilization befitting the dignity of a free people.	There is no causality between The and people..	1
The founders designed the constitution to transform the barbarian rule we rejected as colonies, into a civilization befitting the dignity of a free people.	The is the reason of people..	0
PowerPoint presentations for each of the book's chapters are posted on this website.	There is no causality between PowerPoint and website..	1
PowerPoint presentations for each of the book's chapters are posted on this website.	PowerPoint is the reason of website..	0
Using a teleport, the protagonist travels into any place instantly.	There is no causality between Using and instantly..	1
Using a teleport, the protagonist travels into any place instantly.	Using is the reason of instantly..	0
In these woods they had an aerie of sparrow-hawks and merlins, and the right to bees, honey and millstones and turf, bracken and heather for themselves and their tenants.	There is no causality between In and tenants..	1
In these woods they had an aerie of sparrow-hawks and merlins, and the right to bees, honey and millstones and turf, bracken and heather for themselves and their tenants.	In is the reason of tenants..	0
The company shipped the cargo to the factory in China.	There is no causality between The and China..	1
The company shipped the cargo to the factory in China.	The is the reason of China..	0
The case has been examined in several books.	There is no causality between The and books..	1
The case has been examined in several books.	The is the reason of books..	0
Among the contents of the bag were a diamond ring worth $2000 and a watch worth $500.	There is no causality between Among and $500..	1
Among the contents of the bag were a diamond ring worth $2000 and a watch worth $500.	Among is the reason of $500..	0
We put fairness into copyright use.	There is no causality between We and use..	1
We put fairness into copyright use.	We is the reason of use..	0
The detectives have been dragged into a mysterious case.	There is no causality between The and case..	1
The detectives have been dragged into a mysterious case.	The is the reason of case..	0
The story is being discussed on message boards.	There is no causality between The and boards..	1
The story is being discussed on message boards.	The is the reason of boards..	0
The researcher approached the subjects and their experiences with an open mind.	There is no causality between The and mind..	1
The researcher approached the subjects and their experiences with an open mind.	The is the reason of mind..	0
The sculptor has carved a statue of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie, naked and embracing one another and placed it inside an Oklahoma City home.	There is no causality between The and home..	1
The sculptor has carved a statue of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie, naked and embracing one another and placed it inside an Oklahoma City home.	The is the reason of home..	0
Elderberry wine has a unique flavor that changes considerably over time.	There is no causality between Elderberry and time..	1
Elderberry wine has a unique flavor that changes considerably over time.	Elderberry is the reason of time..	0
An FTP server is an inexpensive and relatively simple to operate tool that works great for filesharing over the internet.	There is no causality between An and internet..	1
An FTP server is an inexpensive and relatively simple to operate tool that works great for filesharing over the internet.	An is the reason of internet..	0
Fatigue corrosion and stress corrosion are similar, as both are caused by external stresses applied to the pipe and occur inside of the pipe.	external stresses instigated by stress corrosion	1
Fatigue corrosion and stress corrosion are similar, as both are caused by external stresses applied to the pipe and occur inside of the pipe.	stress corrosion instigated by external stresses	0
The elderly immigrants flow into warmer states such as California and Florida.	There is no causality between The and Florida..	1
The elderly immigrants flow into warmer states such as California and Florida.	The is the reason of Florida..	0
He changed the litter in his pet's litter box.	There is no causality between He and box..	1
He changed the litter in his pet's litter box.	He is the reason of box..	0
In this way he gathered materials for weekly epistles destined to enlighten some county town or some bench of rustic magistrates.	There is no causality between In and magistrates..	1
In this way he gathered materials for weekly epistles destined to enlighten some county town or some bench of rustic magistrates.	In is the reason of magistrates..	0
The kiosk was placed at a statewide convention of science teachers and in a high school science classroom.	There is no causality between The and classroom..	1
The kiosk was placed at a statewide convention of science teachers and in a high school science classroom.	The is the reason of classroom..	0
The results support the theoretical model conceptualizing alcohol use and misuse as being the product of stress caused by constraints and resources brought to bear simultaneously by agent personality, structures of daily life, and macro social structures.	resources cause stress	1
The results support the theoretical model conceptualizing alcohol use and misuse as being the product of stress caused by constraints and resources brought to bear simultaneously by agent personality, structures of daily life, and macro social structures.	stress cause resources	0
Doctors treated the cancer with an experimental bone-marrow transplant procedure at Berlin's Charite hospital.	There is no causality between Doctors and hospital..	1
Doctors treated the cancer with an experimental bone-marrow transplant procedure at Berlin's Charite hospital.	Doctors is the reason of hospital..	0
I get tons of satisfaction and joy from watching the little fur ball become the hunter it was bred to be.	watching the little fur ball because joy	1
I get tons of satisfaction and joy from watching the little fur ball become the hunter it was bred to be.	joy because watching the little fur ball	0
The cancer cells have increasingly been moving into the bone.	There is no causality between The and bone..	1
The cancer cells have increasingly been moving into the bone.	The is the reason of bone..	0
That first batch of forgeries was in a suitcase and the two gentlemen that disappeared in the night were both Japanese.	There is no causality between That and Japanese..	1
That first batch of forgeries was in a suitcase and the two gentlemen that disappeared in the night were both Japanese.	That is the reason of Japanese..	0
The wounds caused by the scourging and the thorns are almost invisible.	the thorns cause The wounds	1
The wounds caused by the scourging and the thorns are almost invisible.	The wounds cause the thorns	0
Mark also spoke about post-September 11 civil rights and civil liberties issues facing immigrants.	There is no causality between Mark and immigrants..	1
Mark also spoke about post-September 11 civil rights and civil liberties issues facing immigrants.	Mark is the reason of immigrants..	0
Public debate swirls over the purpose and goals of science.	There is no causality between Public and science..	1
Public debate swirls over the purpose and goals of science.	Public is the reason of science..	0
This train has as many as six sets of doors on each side to shorten the time for passengers to get on and off at station.	There is no causality between This and station..	1
This train has as many as six sets of doors on each side to shorten the time for passengers to get on and off at station.	This is the reason of station..	0
Batteries stored in a discharged state are susceptible to freezing, sulfation and an increased rate of discharge.	There is no causality between Batteries and discharge..	1
Batteries stored in a discharged state are susceptible to freezing, sulfation and an increased rate of discharge.	Batteries is the reason of discharge..	0
In the sequence, the raven looks on as the witch stirs the cauldron with a huge bone.	There is no causality between In and bone..	1
In the sequence, the raven looks on as the witch stirs the cauldron with a huge bone.	In is the reason of bone..	0
The assigned cashier code serves to identify the cashier using the electronic cash register.	There is no causality between The and register..	1
The assigned cashier code serves to identify the cashier using the electronic cash register.	The is the reason of register..	0
In addition to my passionate work with this firm and other moustache related activities I work as a policeman in Trondheim police department.	There is no causality between In and department..	1
In addition to my passionate work with this firm and other moustache related activities I work as a policeman in Trondheim police department.	In is the reason of department..	0
I had my hand on the hilt of the sword waiting for your signal to kill him.	There is no causality between I and him..	1
I had my hand on the hilt of the sword waiting for your signal to kill him.	I is the reason of him..	0
There are numerous researches pointing out the public image of mathematics.	There is no causality between There and mathematics..	1
There are numerous researches pointing out the public image of mathematics.	There is the reason of mathematics..	0
The clutter in my house was destroying me.	There is no causality between The and me..	1
The clutter in my house was destroying me.	The is the reason of me..	0
The kidneys were placed into wild-type hosts.	There is no causality between The and hosts..	1
The kidneys were placed into wild-type hosts.	The is the reason of hosts..	0
The website is concerned with the dissemination and exchange of information about the EnCoRe project.	There is no causality between The and project..	1
The website is concerned with the dissemination and exchange of information about the EnCoRe project.	The is the reason of project..	0
My guns are locked in my room.	There is no causality between My and room..	1
My guns are locked in my room.	My is the reason of room..	0
The painting shows a burgher portrayed as a benefactor on the steps of his house on the Oude Delft canal.	There is no causality between The and canal..	1
The painting shows a burgher portrayed as a benefactor on the steps of his house on the Oude Delft canal.	The is the reason of canal..	0
The current flotilla of icebergs that split off Antarctic ice shelves is slowly drifting in the direction of New Zealand.	There is no causality between The and Zealand..	1
The current flotilla of icebergs that split off Antarctic ice shelves is slowly drifting in the direction of New Zealand.	The is the reason of Zealand..	0
Scabies mites construct their burrows in the skin of the infested animal or human.	There is no causality between Scabies and human..	1
Scabies mites construct their burrows in the skin of the infested animal or human.	Scabies is the reason of human..	0
He inserted a needle into the tattoo machine.	There is no causality between He and machine..	1
He inserted a needle into the tattoo machine.	He is the reason of machine..	0
The aim of ecophilosophy is a total or comprehensive view of our human and individual situation.	There is no causality between The and situation..	1
The aim of ecophilosophy is a total or comprehensive view of our human and individual situation.	The is the reason of situation..	0
The fortress has four towers corresponding to the cardinal points.	There is no causality between The and points..	1
The fortress has four towers corresponding to the cardinal points.	The is the reason of points..	0
The particles were released into the air.	There is no causality between The and air..	1
The particles were released into the air.	The is the reason of air..	0
The team is travelling into uncharted territory.	There is no causality between The and territory..	1
The team is travelling into uncharted territory.	The is the reason of territory..	0
Some part of the train was inside a tunnel and the remaining on the ramp.	There is no causality between Some and ramp..	1
Some part of the train was inside a tunnel and the remaining on the ramp.	Some is the reason of ramp..	0
Allaah decreed joy and sadness, because joy results in laughter and sadness leads to crying.	sadness instigated by crying	1
Allaah decreed joy and sadness, because joy results in laughter and sadness leads to crying.	crying instigated by sadness	0
He took his son to the ancient temples in Cambodia.	There is no causality between He and Cambodia..	1
He took his son to the ancient temples in Cambodia.	He is the reason of Cambodia..	0
In the stem of that tree is a cute little house.	There is no causality between In and house..	1
In the stem of that tree is a cute little house.	In is the reason of house..	0
We placed some wax into the old tin can.	There is no causality between We and can..	1
We placed some wax into the old tin can.	We is the reason of can..	0
Our company has landed into serious trouble with its London network since the summer.	There is no causality between Our and summer..	1
Our company has landed into serious trouble with its London network since the summer.	Our is the reason of summer..	0
Laurent leaves them and travels to Denali, Alaska, hoping to find solace among a coven of "vegetarian" vampires.	There is no causality between Laurent and vampires..	1
Laurent leaves them and travels to Denali, Alaska, hoping to find solace among a coven of "vegetarian" vampires.	Laurent is the reason of vampires..	0
The addition of water to the tank caused a runaway chemical reaction, resulting in a rapid rise in pressure and temperature.	a runaway chemical reaction caused by a rapid rise	1
The addition of water to the tank caused a runaway chemical reaction, resulting in a rapid rise in pressure and temperature.	a rapid rise caused by a runaway chemical reaction	0
Industries have pushed fishermen into fragile marine reserves.	There is no causality between Industries and reserves..	1
Industries have pushed fishermen into fragile marine reserves.	Industries is the reason of reserves..	0
Using a pencil of lines, a new restriction on the location of ovals of a nonsingular plane curve is obtained.	There is no causality between Using and obtained..	1
Using a pencil of lines, a new restriction on the location of ovals of a nonsingular plane curve is obtained.	Using is the reason of obtained..	0
The shroud is kept in the cathedral of St. John the Baptist in Turin, Italy.	There is no causality between The and Italy..	1
The shroud is kept in the cathedral of St. John the Baptist in Turin, Italy.	The is the reason of Italy..	0
AT&T inserted a new chip into their latest modem.	There is no causality between AT&T and modem..	1
AT&T inserted a new chip into their latest modem.	AT&T is the reason of modem..	0
The tribunal has jurisdiction over any dispute concerning the interpretation or application of other agreements.	There is no causality between The and agreements..	1
The tribunal has jurisdiction over any dispute concerning the interpretation or application of other agreements.	The is the reason of agreements..	0
Uniforms were rare, although one unit of royal crossbowmen had been issued with standard black cottes, or tunics, earlier in the 14th century.	There is no causality between Uniforms and century..	1
Uniforms were rare, although one unit of royal crossbowmen had been issued with standard black cottes, or tunics, earlier in the 14th century.	Uniforms is the reason of century..	0
The nuclear qualified electronics technicians were sent to nuclear aircraft carriers.	There is no causality between The and carriers..	1
The nuclear qualified electronics technicians were sent to nuclear aircraft carriers.	The is the reason of carriers..	0
In 1874 Captain John T. Lytle and several cowboys left South Texas with 3500 head of longhorn cattle and a remuda of saddle horses.	There is no causality between In and horses..	1
In 1874 Captain John T. Lytle and several cowboys left South Texas with 3500 head of longhorn cattle and a remuda of saddle horses.	In is the reason of horses..	0
In particular, a ratpack of colonels in arrested development are the worst possible people to handle relations with Latin countries.	There is no causality between In and countries..	1
In particular, a ratpack of colonels in arrested development are the worst possible people to handle relations with Latin countries.	In is the reason of countries..	0
Lake St. Lucia, Africa's largest estuary, is home to the greatest congregation of hippos and crocodiles in South Africa.	There is no causality between Lake and Africa..	1
Lake St. Lucia, Africa's largest estuary, is home to the greatest congregation of hippos and crocodiles in South Africa.	Lake is the reason of Africa..	0
The pins of this socket are as thick as the pins of an IC.	There is no causality between The and IC..	1
The pins of this socket are as thick as the pins of an IC.	The is the reason of IC..	0
The chemicals used for screen reclamation are some of the most hazardous products in a screen printing facility.	There is no causality between The and facility..	1
The chemicals used for screen reclamation are some of the most hazardous products in a screen printing facility.	The is the reason of facility..	0
The evangelist blasts the patrons with the news that they're going to hell, if they don't come to his meeting and get saved.	There is no causality between The and saved..	1
The evangelist blasts the patrons with the news that they're going to hell, if they don't come to his meeting and get saved.	The is the reason of saved..	0
NASA paid a private company which carried astronauts into orbit.	There is no causality between NASA and orbit..	1
NASA paid a private company which carried astronauts into orbit.	NASA is the reason of orbit..	0
The halting of easy profits from inflation brought on a banking crisis, which resulted in a complete restructuring of the industry during the late 1990s.	a banking crisis instigated by a complete restructuring	1
The halting of easy profits from inflation brought on a banking crisis, which resulted in a complete restructuring of the industry during the late 1990s.	a complete restructuring instigated by a banking crisis	0
The jar on the left has blackberry jelly, the middle jar is relish, and the jar on the right is blueberry jam.	There is no causality between The and jam..	1
The jar on the left has blackberry jelly, the middle jar is relish, and the jar on the right is blueberry jam.	The is the reason of jam..	0
This car even has the original casette player and cd changer, which is fully functional.	There is no causality between This and functional..	1
This car even has the original casette player and cd changer, which is fully functional.	This is the reason of functional..	0
In one day, the Red Crescent treated more than 50 injuries - mainly broken bones caused by panic from aftershocks.	aftershocks instigated by panic	1
In one day, the Red Crescent treated more than 50 injuries - mainly broken bones caused by panic from aftershocks.	panic instigated by aftershocks	0
The socialists had left the room to protest against Wilm's speech on the taxi.	There is no causality between The and taxi..	1
The socialists had left the room to protest against Wilm's speech on the taxi.	The is the reason of taxi..	0
Avocado butter is a very rich, moisturizing treatment for the hair and skin, and it has some natural sunscreen properties.	There is no causality between Avocado and properties..	1
Avocado butter is a very rich, moisturizing treatment for the hair and skin, and it has some natural sunscreen properties.	Avocado is the reason of properties..	0
Th animal rights activists have approached the open-air cages.	There is no causality between Th and cages..	1
Th animal rights activists have approached the open-air cages.	Th is the reason of cages..	0
The laptop includes a 1.6GHz Intel processor, presumably with the usual 945GSE northbridge and ICH7M southbridge, 1GB of RAM, and a 2.5-inch, 160GB hard disk drive.	There is no causality between The and drive..	1
The laptop includes a 1.6GHz Intel processor, presumably with the usual 945GSE northbridge and ICH7M southbridge, 1GB of RAM, and a 2.5-inch, 160GB hard disk drive.	The is the reason of drive..	0
The tabernacle was inside a rectangular court whose entrance faced the East.	There is no causality between The and East..	1
The tabernacle was inside a rectangular court whose entrance faced the East.	The is the reason of East..	0
They lit a bottle full of kerosene and flung it over the gates before fleeing the scene.	There is no causality between They and scene..	1
They lit a bottle full of kerosene and flung it over the gates before fleeing the scene.	They is the reason of scene..	0
Jomini speaks of an entire division of pikemen at Reunion-sur-Oise, as the Re- volution rechristened Guise.	There is no causality between Jomini and Guise..	1
Jomini speaks of an entire division of pikemen at Reunion-sur-Oise, as the Re- volution rechristened Guise.	Jomini is the reason of Guise..	0
The baboons have formed themselves into raiding parties and frequently descend on the village.	There is no causality between The and village..	1
The baboons have formed themselves into raiding parties and frequently descend on the village.	The is the reason of village..	0
A bird is touching the sun with his wing.	There is no causality between A and wing..	1
A bird is touching the sun with his wing.	A is the reason of wing..	0
An orchard of ripe black cherries, blueberries and plums join together in seamless harmony.	There is no causality between An and harmony..	1
An orchard of ripe black cherries, blueberries and plums join together in seamless harmony.	An is the reason of harmony..	0
The journal takes an inter-disciplinary approach, examining the history, culture and theory of anarchism.	There is no causality between The and anarchism..	1
The journal takes an inter-disciplinary approach, examining the history, culture and theory of anarchism.	The is the reason of anarchism..	0
The astronauts rode to the station in a capsule.	There is no causality between The and capsule..	1
The astronauts rode to the station in a capsule.	The is the reason of capsule..	0
The song was composed for a famous Brazilian musician.	There is no causality between The and musician..	1
The song was composed for a famous Brazilian musician.	The is the reason of musician..	0
Her diamonds are locked in a safe deposit box.	There is no causality between Her and box..	1
Her diamonds are locked in a safe deposit box.	Her is the reason of box..	0
Brazil is trying to change laws that limit political speech.	There is no causality between Brazil and speech..	1
Brazil is trying to change laws that limit political speech.	Brazil is the reason of speech..	0
The tenant has farmed for this owner for several years and doesn't want to lose the ground, but also does not want to pay the large increase in rent.	There is no causality between The and rent..	1
The tenant has farmed for this owner for several years and doesn't want to lose the ground, but also does not want to pay the large increase in rent.	The is the reason of rent..	0
This house has a false front door facing the river and a real entrance on Wilmington Street.	There is no causality between This and Street..	1
This house has a false front door facing the river and a real entrance on Wilmington Street.	This is the reason of Street..	0
For the first time in more than 25 years, captive-bred black rhinos have been released back into the wild in Kenya.	There is no causality between For and Kenya..	1
For the first time in more than 25 years, captive-bred black rhinos have been released back into the wild in Kenya.	For is the reason of Kenya..	0
Listeners receive WBAI live over the internet , using one of the various audio formats below.	There is no causality between Listeners and below..	1
Listeners receive WBAI live over the internet , using one of the various audio formats below.	Listeners is the reason of below..	0
Someone leaked the secret document to a journalist.	There is no causality between Someone and journalist..	1
Someone leaked the secret document to a journalist.	Someone is the reason of journalist..	0
New skate shoes have arrived into the store.	There is no causality between New and store..	1
New skate shoes have arrived into the store.	New is the reason of store..	0
The core of the city state, regarded as a trading entity, is a body of specialized traders engaged in external trade.	There is no causality between The and trade..	1
The core of the city state, regarded as a trading entity, is a body of specialized traders engaged in external trade.	The is the reason of trade..	0
The kitchen holds a cooker, fridge, microwave oven, in short; everything you need if you want to prepare a light meal.	There is no causality between The and meal..	1
The kitchen holds a cooker, fridge, microwave oven, in short; everything you need if you want to prepare a light meal.	The is the reason of meal..	0
The shaman cured him with herbs.	There is no causality between The and herbs..	1
The shaman cured him with herbs.	The is the reason of herbs..	0
The plot here involves a cache of stolen jewels and gold bars, which were confiscated at the end of World War II.	There is no causality between The and II..	1
The plot here involves a cache of stolen jewels and gold bars, which were confiscated at the end of World War II.	The is the reason of II..	0
When I first arrived in Italy I was amazed to find that they sell wine in a carton.	There is no causality between When and carton..	1
When I first arrived in Italy I was amazed to find that they sell wine in a carton.	When is the reason of carton..	0
The Agenda 21 document, agreed in Rio, includes a section on international co-operation.	There is no causality between The and co-operation..	1
The Agenda 21 document, agreed in Rio, includes a section on international co-operation.	The is the reason of co-operation..	0
The camp is more rugged than a hotel but comes with a great lake view and the comradeship of fellow chemistry teachers.	There is no causality between The and teachers..	1
The camp is more rugged than a hotel but comes with a great lake view and the comradeship of fellow chemistry teachers.	The is the reason of teachers..	0
The military uses sandbags for field fortifications, or as a temporary measure to protect civilian structures.	There is no causality between The and structures..	1
The military uses sandbags for field fortifications, or as a temporary measure to protect civilian structures.	The is the reason of structures..	0
His adventures form the subject of my first two films.	There is no causality between His and films..	1
His adventures form the subject of my first two films.	His is the reason of films..	0
Cobalt metal fume and dust cause upper respiratory tract irritation, chronic interstitial pneumonitis, and skin sensitization.	Cobalt metal fume and dust cause skin sensitization	1
Cobalt metal fume and dust cause upper respiratory tract irritation, chronic interstitial pneumonitis, and skin sensitization.	skin sensitization cause Cobalt metal fume and dust	0
Egyptian archaeologists discovered a new set of tombs belonging to the workers who built the great pyramids, shedding light on how the labourers lived and ate more than 4,000 years ago.	There is no causality between Egyptian and ago..	1
Egyptian archaeologists discovered a new set of tombs belonging to the workers who built the great pyramids, shedding light on how the labourers lived and ate more than 4,000 years ago.	Egyptian is the reason of ago..	0
A Grade I certificate was awarded to the product.	There is no causality between A and product..	1
A Grade I certificate was awarded to the product.	A is the reason of product..	0
The user is cooling a processor with a power usage of 35W, using a conventional heatsink.	There is no causality between The and heatsink..	1
The user is cooling a processor with a power usage of 35W, using a conventional heatsink.	The is the reason of heatsink..	0
This recogniser works with a vocabulary of up to several hundred words.	There is no causality between This and words..	1
This recogniser works with a vocabulary of up to several hundred words.	This is the reason of words..	0
One flyer was inside a box of Cracker Jacks at a Hughes Market.	There is no causality between One and Market..	1
One flyer was inside a box of Cracker Jacks at a Hughes Market.	One is the reason of Market..	0
The book introduces modern geographical theory in an accessible format and reflects the changing nature of the subject.	There is no causality between The and subject..	1
The book introduces modern geographical theory in an accessible format and reflects the changing nature of the subject.	The is the reason of subject..	0
In 1880, there was a strong typhoon and an earthquake that lead to  the destruction of the instrument.	an earthquake from the destruction	1
In 1880, there was a strong typhoon and an earthquake that lead to  the destruction of the instrument.	the destruction from an earthquake	0
Professional counselors use a number of techniques, including conflict management seminars, peer mediation teams, student mentoring, group guidance activities and rumor control.	There is no causality between Professional and control..	1
Professional counselors use a number of techniques, including conflict management seminars, peer mediation teams, student mentoring, group guidance activities and rumor control.	Professional is the reason of control..	0
Quality forged pinking scissors cut with exceptional ease and efficiency.	There is no causality between Quality and efficiency..	1
Quality forged pinking scissors cut with exceptional ease and efficiency.	Quality is the reason of efficiency..	0
The group dug into the ground with their ceremonial shovels.	There is no causality between The and shovels..	1
The group dug into the ground with their ceremonial shovels.	The is the reason of shovels..	0
The body is built up of many different things such as muscle and fat and water.	There is no causality between The and water..	1
The body is built up of many different things such as muscle and fat and water.	The is the reason of water..	0
The Mother Superior is a member of the corporation.	There is no causality between The and corporation..	1
The Mother Superior is a member of the corporation.	The is the reason of corporation..	0
Mado manages to escape and kidnaps the scientist's niece.	There is no causality between Mado and niece..	1
Mado manages to escape and kidnaps the scientist's niece.	Mado is the reason of niece..	0
Adenosine deaminase converts purine riboside into an analog of a reactive intermediate.	There is no causality between Adenosine and intermediate..	1
Adenosine deaminase converts purine riboside into an analog of a reactive intermediate.	Adenosine is the reason of intermediate..	0
Original sculptures were carved with a chainsaw.	There is no causality between Original and chainsaw..	1
Original sculptures were carved with a chainsaw.	Original is the reason of chainsaw..	0
Endometriosis is the cause of pelvic pain  and infertility in more than 35% of women of reproductive age.	Endometriosis instigated by infertility	1
Endometriosis is the cause of pelvic pain  and infertility in more than 35% of women of reproductive age.	infertility instigated by Endometriosis	0
It took the dirt out of the house into a canister which was located in the garage.	There is no causality between It and garage..	1
It took the dirt out of the house into a canister which was located in the garage.	It is the reason of garage..	0
The money was in a suitcase.	There is no causality between The and suitcase..	1
The money was in a suitcase.	The is the reason of suitcase..	0
Water disinfection tablets were put into the canteen.	There is no causality between Water and canteen..	1
Water disinfection tablets were put into the canteen.	Water is the reason of canteen..	0
The poet's sizable oeuvre includes very little prose but more than 500 published poems.	There is no causality between The and poems..	1
The poet's sizable oeuvre includes very little prose but more than 500 published poems.	The is the reason of poems..	0
The steering committee developed the protocol and consent forms with the participating sites and guided the implementation of the trial.	There is no causality between The and trial..	1
The steering committee developed the protocol and consent forms with the participating sites and guided the implementation of the trial.	The is the reason of trial..	0
A variety of articles were written on the topic of alarm management.	There is no causality between A and management..	1
A variety of articles were written on the topic of alarm management.	A is the reason of management..	0
An elite U.S. Army study center has devised a plan for enforcing a major Israeli-Palestinian peace accord that requires about 20000 well-armed troops.	There is no causality between An and troops..	1
An elite U.S. Army study center has devised a plan for enforcing a major Israeli-Palestinian peace accord that requires about 20000 well-armed troops.	An is the reason of troops..	0
The mage blasts the foe with spells and the Knights ride up the flank and hammer the enemies' sides.	There is no causality between The and sides..	1
The mage blasts the foe with spells and the Knights ride up the flank and hammer the enemies' sides.	The is the reason of sides..	0
Athos, Porthos and Aramis were soldiers in the very prestigious regiment of The King's musketeers - something like King's Guard- which main arm, in the battlefield was the musket, a very heavy gun that needed to be held on a fork.	There is no causality between Athos, and fork..	1
Athos, Porthos and Aramis were soldiers in the very prestigious regiment of The King's musketeers - something like King's Guard- which main arm, in the battlefield was the musket, a very heavy gun that needed to be held on a fork.	Athos, is the reason of fork..	0
The warming member of the heating device is positioned on inner sides of finger front portions of a glove for warming front ends of a wearer's fingers.	There is no causality between The and fingers..	1
The warming member of the heating device is positioned on inner sides of finger front portions of a glove for warming front ends of a wearer's fingers.	The is the reason of fingers..	0
A mechanic uses a wrench to work on the wheel-mount of an auto on a hydraulic lift.	There is no causality between A and lift..	1
A mechanic uses a wrench to work on the wheel-mount of an auto on a hydraulic lift.	A is the reason of lift..	0
The income went to the administration.	There is no causality between The and administration..	1
The income went to the administration.	The is the reason of administration..	0
The brotherhood of feudal aristocrats was itself a democracy and devolved later into democratic European states.	There is no causality between The and states..	1
The brotherhood of feudal aristocrats was itself a democracy and devolved later into democratic European states.	The is the reason of states..	0
The arts minister eagerly put this famous oil painting into a cultural frame.	There is no causality between The and frame..	1
The arts minister eagerly put this famous oil painting into a cultural frame.	The is the reason of frame..	0
Related questions form the subject of the next chapter.	There is no causality between Related and chapter..	1
Related questions form the subject of the next chapter.	Related is the reason of chapter..	0
In the present study, we adapted a battery of tests used to assess age-related cognitive decline in English speakers for use with older Spanish speakers.	There is no causality between In and speakers..	1
In the present study, we adapted a battery of tests used to assess age-related cognitive decline in English speakers for use with older Spanish speakers.	In is the reason of speakers..	0
The series reflected on the changes that had taken place in Ireland since the 1960s.	There is no causality between The and 1960s..	1
The series reflected on the changes that had taken place in Ireland since the 1960s.	The is the reason of 1960s..	0
The story is narrated in flashback.	There is no causality between The and flashback..	1
The story is narrated in flashback.	The is the reason of flashback..	0
Videotape is a fragile medium subject to damage and deterioration from exposure to poor environmental conditions and inadequate handling practices.	inadequate handling practices lead to deterioration	1
Videotape is a fragile medium subject to damage and deterioration from exposure to poor environmental conditions and inadequate handling practices.	deterioration lead to inadequate handling practices	0
He pushed the rivet of the cable strap back into the hole.	There is no causality between He and hole..	1
He pushed the rivet of the cable strap back into the hole.	He is the reason of hole..	0
The club consists of parents, friends, alumni and local businesses.	There is no causality between The and businesses..	1
The club consists of parents, friends, alumni and local businesses.	The is the reason of businesses..	0
The anoxidized servewear went into the dishwasher.	There is no causality between The and dishwasher..	1
The anoxidized servewear went into the dishwasher.	The is the reason of dishwasher..	0
In a desperate attempt, the company poured money into the project.	There is no causality between In and project..	1
In a desperate attempt, the company poured money into the project.	In is the reason of project..	0
He panics when he sees a blue gremlin on the side of the bus loosening the lug nuts on one of the tires.	There is no causality between He and tires..	1
He panics when he sees a blue gremlin on the side of the bus loosening the lug nuts on one of the tires.	He is the reason of tires..	0
In the bushes near the door, investigators found a backpack with papers inside.	There is no causality between In and inside..	1
In the bushes near the door, investigators found a backpack with papers inside.	In is the reason of inside..	0
They evaluated maximum number of breached assemblies and exposed fuel area for a proposed shipment in a cask with a test leakage rate.	There is no causality between They and rate..	1
They evaluated maximum number of breached assemblies and exposed fuel area for a proposed shipment in a cask with a test leakage rate.	They is the reason of rate..	0
Another device was inserted into another USB port.	There is no causality between Another and port..	1
Another device was inserted into another USB port.	Another is the reason of port..	0
Eight yachts have arrived into the harbor.	There is no causality between Eight and harbor..	1
Eight yachts have arrived into the harbor.	Eight is the reason of harbor..	0
Most musicians have developed a standard of their own for cleaning their instruments.	There is no causality between Most and instruments..	1
Most musicians have developed a standard of their own for cleaning their instruments.	Most is the reason of instruments..	0
The company is moving plant material into Queensland's suburb.	There is no causality between The and suburb..	1
The company is moving plant material into Queensland's suburb.	The is the reason of suburb..	0
The bakeries in the supermarket area also reduce the prices on their goods as closing time approaches.	There is no causality between The and approaches..	1
The bakeries in the supermarket area also reduce the prices on their goods as closing time approaches.	The is the reason of approaches..	0
Honey bees have migrated into warmer areas.	There is no causality between Honey and areas..	1
Honey bees have migrated into warmer areas.	Honey is the reason of areas..	0
Vegetable oil as fuel is a cleaner, safer and less expensive alternative to petroleum based fuel.	There is no causality between Vegetable and fuel..	1
Vegetable oil as fuel is a cleaner, safer and less expensive alternative to petroleum based fuel.	Vegetable is the reason of fuel..	0
Convulsions that occur after DTaP are usually not caused directly by the vaccine, but by a fever, which in turn was triggered by the vaccine.	the vaccine cause a fever	1
Convulsions that occur after DTaP are usually not caused directly by the vaccine, but by a fever, which in turn was triggered by the vaccine.	a fever cause the vaccine	0
Hundreds of tramping feet have pressed the snow into a glacial track.	There is no causality between Hundreds and track..	1
Hundreds of tramping feet have pressed the snow into a glacial track.	Hundreds is the reason of track..	0
The inflammation is caused by the growth of unusual bacteria, which usually results from antibiotic use.	antibiotic use because unusual bacteria	1
The inflammation is caused by the growth of unusual bacteria, which usually results from antibiotic use.	unusual bacteria because antibiotic use	0
The president is running into bankruptcy.	There is no causality between The and bankruptcy..	1
The president is running into bankruptcy.	The is the reason of bankruptcy..	0
The two four-legged chickens were in a box under a heat lamp, a temporary lodging until a more spacious cage was available.	There is no causality between The and available..	1
The two four-legged chickens were in a box under a heat lamp, a temporary lodging until a more spacious cage was available.	The is the reason of available..	0
The earthquake was caused by the Anatolian plate and the Eurasian plate moving past each other.	the Eurasian plate lead to The earthquake	1
The earthquake was caused by the Anatolian plate and the Eurasian plate moving past each other.	The earthquake lead to the Eurasian plate	0
The bee carries pollen in a pollen basket back to the hive.	There is no causality between The and hive..	1
The bee carries pollen in a pollen basket back to the hive.	The is the reason of hive..	0
There is a nest of rabbits up in the loft.	There is no causality between There and loft..	1
There is a nest of rabbits up in the loft.	There is the reason of loft..	0
Many local shops donated funds to the candidate.	There is no causality between Many and candidate..	1
Many local shops donated funds to the candidate.	Many is the reason of candidate..	0
It was also felt necessary at this time to draw up a similar document, dealing not with the prevention of marine pollution by dumping, but instead with the prevention of marine pollution by discharges of dangerous substances from land-based sources, watercourses or pipelines.	discharges instigated by marine pollution	1
It was also felt necessary at this time to draw up a similar document, dealing not with the prevention of marine pollution by dumping, but instead with the prevention of marine pollution by discharges of dangerous substances from land-based sources, watercourses or pipelines.	marine pollution instigated by discharges	0
A copy of the survey was enclosed in the back-up materials packet.	There is no causality between A and packet..	1
A copy of the survey was enclosed in the back-up materials packet.	A is the reason of packet..	0
The cheering and screaming after the victory had hardly died down when Marilyn Kelly proclaimed "Party at my house!".	the victory lead to screaming	1
The cheering and screaming after the victory had hardly died down when Marilyn Kelly proclaimed "Party at my house!".	screaming lead to the victory	0
The enzyme glutaminase is removed into both nerve terminals and glial cells.	There is no causality between The and cells..	1
The enzyme glutaminase is removed into both nerve terminals and glial cells.	The is the reason of cells..	0
The complex includes a restaurant, shop and the "Adventure Centre".	There is no causality between The and Centre"..	1
The complex includes a restaurant, shop and the "Adventure Centre".	The is the reason of Centre"..	0
The suspect pushed the victim into a deep cliff.	There is no causality between The and cliff..	1
The suspect pushed the victim into a deep cliff.	The is the reason of cliff..	0
An application developer with Adobe said in a blog posting that Adobe is working on the security flaw.	There is no causality between An and flaw..	1
An application developer with Adobe said in a blog posting that Adobe is working on the security flaw.	An is the reason of flaw..	0
This comment refers to the author's reply.	There is no causality between This and reply..	1
This comment refers to the author's reply.	This is the reason of reply..	0
Preliminary talks between the association and Nigel Worthington regarding a new contract took place last week and these talks are still ongoing.	There is no causality between Preliminary and ongoing..	1
Preliminary talks between the association and Nigel Worthington regarding a new contract took place last week and these talks are still ongoing.	Preliminary is the reason of ongoing..	0
I have put an empty line into an article.	There is no causality between I and article..	1
I have put an empty line into an article.	I is the reason of article..	0
It is set in a future in which the oceans are farmed for food.	There is no causality between It and food..	1
It is set in a future in which the oceans are farmed for food.	It is the reason of food..	0
In this section, we are going to follow SRR Sandy as she raises a litter of pups.	There is no causality between In and pups..	1
In this section, we are going to follow SRR Sandy as she raises a litter of pups.	In is the reason of pups..	0
He scored 10 out of 14, performed below his rating at 2474, but still was the striker of the team.	There is no causality between He and team..	1
He scored 10 out of 14, performed below his rating at 2474, but still was the striker of the team.	He is the reason of team..	0
In the first year of King Cyrus, the king issued a decree.	There is no causality between In and decree..	1
In the first year of King Cyrus, the king issued a decree.	In is the reason of decree..	0
The disgusting scene was retaliation against her brother Philip who rents the room inside this apartment house on Lombard street.	There is no causality between The and street..	1
The disgusting scene was retaliation against her brother Philip who rents the room inside this apartment house on Lombard street.	The is the reason of street..	0
In the 2006 Robin Hood series, Robin at one point is lowered into a pit of poisonous snakes.	There is no causality between In and snakes..	1
In the 2006 Robin Hood series, Robin at one point is lowered into a pit of poisonous snakes.	In is the reason of snakes..	0
You proved that a gas takes up space.	There is no causality between You and space..	1
You proved that a gas takes up space.	You is the reason of space..	0
Sci-Fi Channel is the cable network exclusively dedicated to offering classic science fiction TV shows and movies, as well as bold original programming.	There is no causality between Sci-Fi and programming..	1
Sci-Fi Channel is the cable network exclusively dedicated to offering classic science fiction TV shows and movies, as well as bold original programming.	Sci-Fi is the reason of programming..	0
Around the globe, unique and fascinating species face extinction from hunting and habitat destruction, which affects vulnerable animals in every kind of environment.	habitat destruction instigated by extinction	1
Around the globe, unique and fascinating species face extinction from hunting and habitat destruction, which affects vulnerable animals in every kind of environment.	extinction instigated by habitat destruction	0
A train ran into a truck, leaving 14 dead.	There is no causality between A and dead..	1
A train ran into a truck, leaving 14 dead.	A is the reason of dead..	0
He removed the glass slide precleaned in piranha solution that was placed upright in a beaker.	There is no causality between He and beaker..	1
He removed the glass slide precleaned in piranha solution that was placed upright in a beaker.	He is the reason of beaker..	0
The symbol denotes concatenation.	There is no causality between The and concatenation..	1
The symbol denotes concatenation.	The is the reason of concatenation..	0
The mother left her native land about the same time and they were married in that city.	There is no causality between The and city..	1
The mother left her native land about the same time and they were married in that city.	The is the reason of city..	0
In preparing this study, the Pew Forum devised a battery of measures, phrased as questions, to gauge the levels of government and social restrictions on religion in each country.	There is no causality between In and country..	1
In preparing this study, the Pew Forum devised a battery of measures, phrased as questions, to gauge the levels of government and social restrictions on religion in each country.	In is the reason of country..	0
While the slide was presented, an audio-recorded biographical script was played describing the person.	There is no causality between While and person..	1
While the slide was presented, an audio-recorded biographical script was played describing the person.	While is the reason of person..	0
Dust or vapor cause burns or irritation of the eyes with swelling.	vapor cause irritation	1
Dust or vapor cause burns or irritation of the eyes with swelling.	irritation cause vapor	0
The machine was in a cabinet very similar to the type 'A' machines, and weighed 95 pounds.	There is no causality between The and pounds..	1
The machine was in a cabinet very similar to the type 'A' machines, and weighed 95 pounds.	The is the reason of pounds..	0
There were women in headscarves on the corridors of the hospital and men wearing traditional caps.	There is no causality between There and caps..	1
There were women in headscarves on the corridors of the hospital and men wearing traditional caps.	There is the reason of caps..	0
High test scores have placed the student into a top university.	There is no causality between High and university..	1
High test scores have placed the student into a top university.	High is the reason of university..	0
The organization has also been the subject of much conspiracy parody.	There is no causality between The and parody..	1
The organization has also been the subject of much conspiracy parody.	The is the reason of parody..	0
A multiple goal model structure is formulated for a garment factory based on the objectives of the company including minimisation of lateness.	There is no causality between A and lateness..	1
A multiple goal model structure is formulated for a garment factory based on the objectives of the company including minimisation of lateness.	A is the reason of lateness..	0
The sail had an important roach and had adjustable batten fittings on the leech and luff receptacles.	There is no causality between The and receptacles..	1
The sail had an important roach and had adjustable batten fittings on the leech and luff receptacles.	The is the reason of receptacles..	0
Helicobacter pylori was released cysteamine into the gastric juice.	There is no causality between Helicobacter and juice..	1
Helicobacter pylori was released cysteamine into the gastric juice.	Helicobacter is the reason of juice..	0
In other words, the bow of the vessel points at the 'windy' extended edge of the table.	There is no causality between In and table..	1
In other words, the bow of the vessel points at the 'windy' extended edge of the table.	In is the reason of table..	0
We saw that a piece of the double stent was placed inside the urinary bladder of mice to study the extent of tissue reaction.	There is no causality between We and reaction..	1
We saw that a piece of the double stent was placed inside the urinary bladder of mice to study the extent of tissue reaction.	We is the reason of reaction..	0
The Etruscan craftsmen marked their wares with ink marks.	There is no causality between The and marks..	1
The Etruscan craftsmen marked their wares with ink marks.	The is the reason of marks..	0
This thesis defines the clinical characteristics of amyloid disease.	There is no causality between This and disease..	1
This thesis defines the clinical characteristics of amyloid disease.	This is the reason of disease..	0
A squirrel popped out of a woman's shirt when she was interviewed.	There is no causality between A and interviewed..	1
A squirrel popped out of a woman's shirt when she was interviewed.	A is the reason of interviewed..	0
Quotation is used to indicate the words of another speaker or writer.	There is no causality between Quotation and writer..	1
Quotation is used to indicate the words of another speaker or writer.	Quotation is the reason of writer..	0
The Archers of the Eyes were an elite legion of Elven archers who served troughout various wars.	There is no causality between The and wars..	1
The Archers of the Eyes were an elite legion of Elven archers who served troughout various wars.	The is the reason of wars..	0
The judge put two questions to the jury.	There is no causality between The and jury..	1
The judge put two questions to the jury.	The is the reason of jury..	0
In the course of the discussion it was pointed out that middle-class and lower-class people in the United States also seem to react differently to work.	There is no causality between In and work..	1
In the course of the discussion it was pointed out that middle-class and lower-class people in the United States also seem to react differently to work.	In is the reason of work..	0
Infinitesimal changes between a large serial of different sub-functions are running into different graphical spaces or dimensions.	There is no causality between Infinitesimal and dimensions..	1
Infinitesimal changes between a large serial of different sub-functions are running into different graphical spaces or dimensions.	Infinitesimal is the reason of dimensions..	0
The loan fees were added into the set interest.	There is no causality between The and interest..	1
The loan fees were added into the set interest.	The is the reason of interest..	0
The sword was stored in a case full of gold and jewels.	There is no causality between The and jewels..	1
The sword was stored in a case full of gold and jewels.	The is the reason of jewels..	0
Rare crabs have arrived into the historical archives.	There is no causality between Rare and archives..	1
Rare crabs have arrived into the historical archives.	Rare is the reason of archives..	0
The author uses symbolism in order to show the importance of some ideals and main themes of the novel.	There is no causality between The and novel..	1
The author uses symbolism in order to show the importance of some ideals and main themes of the novel.	The is the reason of novel..	0
The setup was put inside a chimney in order to enhance the natural convection cooling.	There is no causality between The and cooling..	1
The setup was put inside a chimney in order to enhance the natural convection cooling.	The is the reason of cooling..	0
These changes have been reflected in the general policies and approach of the Forestry Commission.	There is no causality between These and Commission..	1
These changes have been reflected in the general policies and approach of the Forestry Commission.	These is the reason of Commission..	0
He kept collecting those book titles, and sent them to me for our next reading list.	There is no causality between He and list..	1
He kept collecting those book titles, and sent them to me for our next reading list.	He is the reason of list..	0
The act applies to contracts or agreements among competing manufacturers and distributors.	There is no causality between The and distributors..	1
The act applies to contracts or agreements among competing manufacturers and distributors.	The is the reason of distributors..	0
They raided a house behind Mustapha's residence and seized a cache of arms, weapons and explosives.	There is no causality between They and explosives..	1
They raided a house behind Mustapha's residence and seized a cache of arms, weapons and explosives.	They is the reason of explosives..	0
The tail of the shark continued to swish back and forth a few feet away.	There is no causality between The and away..	1
The tail of the shark continued to swish back and forth a few feet away.	The is the reason of away..	0
Public education systems have carried nations into prosperity.	There is no causality between Public and prosperity..	1
Public education systems have carried nations into prosperity.	Public is the reason of prosperity..	0
We have dumped the spam into the junk folder.	There is no causality between We and folder..	1
We have dumped the spam into the junk folder.	We is the reason of folder..	0
The cost of fuel delivered in a vessel bunker is always high.	There is no causality between The and high..	1
The cost of fuel delivered in a vessel bunker is always high.	The is the reason of high..	0
I worked as a crane operator in construction at that time.	There is no causality between I and time..	1
I worked as a crane operator in construction at that time.	I is the reason of time..	0
The first bomb to explode in the main northwest city of Peshawar on Saturday was hidden in a car and devastated a street busy with traffic, shoppers and worshippers heading to mosques to pray.	There is no causality between The and pray..	1
The first bomb to explode in the main northwest city of Peshawar on Saturday was hidden in a car and devastated a street busy with traffic, shoppers and worshippers heading to mosques to pray.	The is the reason of pray..	0
My mint julep was in a glass I still own.	There is no causality between My and own..	1
My mint julep was in a glass I still own.	My is the reason of own..	0
Investments have gone into the light rail.	There is no causality between Investments and rail..	1
Investments have gone into the light rail.	Investments is the reason of rail..	0
Of the three institutions using a thesaurus as a tool for managing indexing vocabulary, one stated that the material covered was of a general nature.	There is no causality between Of and nature..	1
Of the three institutions using a thesaurus as a tool for managing indexing vocabulary, one stated that the material covered was of a general nature.	Of is the reason of nature..	0
Asthma causes swelling and narrowing of the airways.	Asthma cause narrowing	1
Asthma causes swelling and narrowing of the airways.	narrowing cause Asthma	0
Billions of euro are invested into nanotechnology in Europe.	There is no causality between Billions and Europe..	1
Billions of euro are invested into nanotechnology in Europe.	Billions is the reason of Europe..	0
The Chaplain noticed one soldier looking at a a deck of cards.	There is no causality between The and cards..	1
The Chaplain noticed one soldier looking at a a deck of cards.	The is the reason of cards..	0
He was distressed and smeared in dust and held a bottle full of blood in his hands.	There is no causality between He and hands..	1
He was distressed and smeared in dust and held a bottle full of blood in his hands.	He is the reason of hands..	0
The wooden rod is attached to the arm of the chair, which on my chair has an L-shaped opening  under the armrest.	There is no causality between The and armrest..	1
The wooden rod is attached to the arm of the chair, which on my chair has an L-shaped opening  under the armrest.	The is the reason of armrest..	0
Monica Mullikin  is working for Willis of Minneapolis as a catastrophe risk analyst for this reinsurance company.	There is no causality between Monica and company..	1
Monica Mullikin  is working for Willis of Minneapolis as a catastrophe risk analyst for this reinsurance company.	Monica is the reason of company..	0
The shells landed into different areas in Mogadishu.	There is no causality between The and Mogadishu..	1
The shells landed into different areas in Mogadishu.	The is the reason of Mogadishu..	0
The House has postponed the vote to tomorrow.	There is no causality between The and tomorrow..	1
The House has postponed the vote to tomorrow.	The is the reason of tomorrow..	0
Sun and wind cause evaporation of water, causing rains, and this energy can be caught using hydroelectric power.	evaporation instigated by rains	1
Sun and wind cause evaporation of water, causing rains, and this energy can be caught using hydroelectric power.	rains instigated by evaporation	0
Many people gamble away their rent and grocery money just to take a chance on a leash of greyhounds chasing a mechanical rabbit.	There is no causality between Many and rabbit..	1
Many people gamble away their rent and grocery money just to take a chance on a leash of greyhounds chasing a mechanical rabbit.	Many is the reason of rabbit..	0
Entering a community of minds is conceptualized as a theoretical framework for understanding social cognitive development during the preschool years.	There is no causality between Entering and years..	1
Entering a community of minds is conceptualized as a theoretical framework for understanding social cognitive development during the preschool years.	Entering is the reason of years..	0
I have removed the bubbles into the glass tubes.	There is no causality between I and tubes..	1
I have removed the bubbles into the glass tubes.	I is the reason of tubes..	0
Mr. Lagano was engrossed in a search for cherrystone and quahog clams, which he deposited proudly in a bucket beside him.	There is no causality between Mr. and him..	1
Mr. Lagano was engrossed in a search for cherrystone and quahog clams, which he deposited proudly in a bucket beside him.	Mr. is the reason of him..	0
A careless attendant had hooked the padlock of the monkey cage in the staple, but had not locked it.	There is no causality between A and it..	1
A careless attendant had hooked the padlock of the monkey cage in the staple, but had not locked it.	A is the reason of it..	0
Congregational clergy of various denominations were surveyed to assess their understanding and experience of trauma.	There is no causality between Congregational and trauma..	1
Congregational clergy of various denominations were surveyed to assess their understanding and experience of trauma.	Congregational is the reason of trauma..	0
A drove of oxen was taken to market.	There is no causality between A and market..	1
A drove of oxen was taken to market.	A is the reason of market..	0
The mouse was enclosed in a prison with no hope of escape.	There is no causality between The and escape..	1
The mouse was enclosed in a prison with no hope of escape.	The is the reason of escape..	0
He sent his love a letter with confetti hearts inside of the letter so they pour out everywhere when his sweetheart opens it.	There is no causality between He and it..	1
He sent his love a letter with confetti hearts inside of the letter so they pour out everywhere when his sweetheart opens it.	He is the reason of it..	0
The faded glamour of American roadside diners, cinemas and motels is the subject of a new photography exhibition at the Fox Talbot Museum.	There is no causality between The and Museum..	1
The faded glamour of American roadside diners, cinemas and motels is the subject of a new photography exhibition at the Fox Talbot Museum.	The is the reason of Museum..	0
The focus of the chapter is the impact of diversification on the performance of PE funds.	There is no causality between The and funds..	1
The focus of the chapter is the impact of diversification on the performance of PE funds.	The is the reason of funds..	0
The bomb was in a suitcase loaded in Frankfurt and transferred to the doomed Boeing 747 in London.	There is no causality between The and London..	1
The bomb was in a suitcase loaded in Frankfurt and transferred to the doomed Boeing 747 in London.	The is the reason of London..	0
In my case the solution was to lock the padlock on the security pane itself.	There is no causality between In and itself..	1
In my case the solution was to lock the padlock on the security pane itself.	In is the reason of itself..	0
She poured flour into a pretend dragon with a tube.	There is no causality between She and tube..	1
She poured flour into a pretend dragon with a tube.	She is the reason of tube..	0
These people have journeyed into a mountain that is over 2,000 m high.	There is no causality between These and high..	1
These people have journeyed into a mountain that is over 2,000 m high.	These is the reason of high..	0
We have imported grain into developing countries in Asia several times.	There is no causality between We and times..	1
We have imported grain into developing countries in Asia several times.	We is the reason of times..	0
A lovely bauble homepage sticker has arrived into your homepage inventory.	There is no causality between A and inventory..	1
A lovely bauble homepage sticker has arrived into your homepage inventory.	A is the reason of inventory..	0
A German soldier attaches a EUFOR sign to a vehicle.	There is no causality between A and vehicle..	1
A German soldier attaches a EUFOR sign to a vehicle.	A is the reason of vehicle..	0
The matter inside a supermassive black hole is not as dense as inside a stellar-sized black hole.	There is no causality between The and hole..	1
The matter inside a supermassive black hole is not as dense as inside a stellar-sized black hole.	The is the reason of hole..	0
A digital photo frame  is a picture frame that displays digital photos without the need to print them or use a computer.	There is no causality between A and computer..	1
A digital photo frame  is a picture frame that displays digital photos without the need to print them or use a computer.	A is the reason of computer..	0
So solar thermal power generation works essentially the same as generation from fossil fuels except that instead of using steam produced from the combustion of fossil fuels, the steam is produced by the heat collected from sunlight.	heat cause the steam	1
So solar thermal power generation works essentially the same as generation from fossil fuels except that instead of using steam produced from the combustion of fossil fuels, the steam is produced by the heat collected from sunlight.	the steam cause heat	0
And the beer was in a mug, and full to the brim.	There is no causality between And and brim..	1
And the beer was in a mug, and full to the brim.	And is the reason of brim..	0
This bug flew into my garage.	There is no causality between This and garage..	1
This bug flew into my garage.	This is the reason of garage..	0
Some charts are specific to a particular musical genre and most to a particular geographical location.	There is no causality between Some and location..	1
Some charts are specific to a particular musical genre and most to a particular geographical location.	Some is the reason of location..	0
Comprehensive notes survey the current state of the law, raise questions for class discussion, and address the continuing controversies in this field.	There is no causality between Comprehensive and field..	1
Comprehensive notes survey the current state of the law, raise questions for class discussion, and address the continuing controversies in this field.	Comprehensive is the reason of field..	0
He founded the Emmaus Program, an annual convocation of diocesan clergy for their continuing education and spiritual formation, in 1983.	There is no causality between He and 1983..	1
He founded the Emmaus Program, an annual convocation of diocesan clergy for their continuing education and spiritual formation, in 1983.	He is the reason of 1983..	0
Apricot marmalade is delicious on toast first thing in the morning or on piping hot dinner biscuits.	There is no causality between Apricot and biscuits..	1
Apricot marmalade is delicious on toast first thing in the morning or on piping hot dinner biscuits.	Apricot is the reason of biscuits..	0
This fish lives in shoal of 150 to 900.	There is no causality between This and 900..	1
This fish lives in shoal of 150 to 900.	This is the reason of 900..	0
BBC radio documentary spoke about an increase in the cases of black anorexic women in South Africa.	There is no causality between BBC and Africa..	1
BBC radio documentary spoke about an increase in the cases of black anorexic women in South Africa.	BBC is the reason of Africa..	0
Condoleezza Rice speaks amid a crowd of torture protesters.	There is no causality between Condoleezza and protesters..	1
Condoleezza Rice speaks amid a crowd of torture protesters.	Condoleezza is the reason of protesters..	0
A letter was delivered to my office in the morning.	There is no causality between A and morning..	1
A letter was delivered to my office in the morning.	A is the reason of morning..	0
It is a dark song reflecting on potential love with deep electronic tones and soft beats.	There is no causality between It and beats..	1
It is a dark song reflecting on potential love with deep electronic tones and soft beats.	It is the reason of beats..	0
That's more or less how the book's author is viewing the situation.	There is no causality between That's and situation..	1
That's more or less how the book's author is viewing the situation.	That's is the reason of situation..	0
Polar bears and hippos have joined the ranks of species threatened with extinction from climate change, unregulated hunting and other dangers created by humans.	humans instigated by other dangers	1
Polar bears and hippos have joined the ranks of species threatened with extinction from climate change, unregulated hunting and other dangers created by humans.	other dangers instigated by humans	0
Real shepherds use trebuchets.	There is no causality between Real and trebuchets..	1
Real shepherds use trebuchets.	Real is the reason of trebuchets..	0
Pilot information needs were investigated in a web-based survey.	There is no causality between Pilot and survey..	1
Pilot information needs were investigated in a web-based survey.	Pilot is the reason of survey..	0
In a conventional, steam turbine-only power plant, the heat required to produce the steam comes from a boiler.	a boiler instigated by the heat	1
In a conventional, steam turbine-only power plant, the heat required to produce the steam comes from a boiler.	the heat instigated by a boiler	0
The first scene shows a meeting between Axel and a tramp in the street at night-time.	There is no causality between The and night-time..	1
The first scene shows a meeting between Axel and a tramp in the street at night-time.	The is the reason of night-time..	0
In the second line, behind Marshal Soult, was first the division of united grenadiers, and on their left were the two divisions of Marshal Bernadotte.	There is no causality between In and Bernadotte..	1
In the second line, behind Marshal Soult, was first the division of united grenadiers, and on their left were the two divisions of Marshal Bernadotte.	In is the reason of Bernadotte..	0
The humiliation comes from authorities and people making him loose faith in humanity.	people cause The humiliation	1
The humiliation comes from authorities and people making him loose faith in humanity.	The humiliation cause people	0
But a confederacy of different republics has, in many instances, existed and flourished for a long time together.	There is no causality between But and together..	1
But a confederacy of different republics has, in many instances, existed and flourished for a long time together.	But is the reason of together..	0
He has been a jury member at four Olympic Games, and Chairman in 2004 and 2008.	There is no causality between He and 2008..	1
He has been a jury member at four Olympic Games, and Chairman in 2004 and 2008.	He is the reason of 2008..	0
His poetry and fiction have been published in literary magazines around the world.	There is no causality between His and world..	1
His poetry and fiction have been published in literary magazines around the world.	His is the reason of world..	0
Everyone cheers as a dule of white doves take flight.	There is no causality between Everyone and flight..	1
Everyone cheers as a dule of white doves take flight.	Everyone is the reason of flight..	0
Three houses are handed over to beneficiaries.	There is no causality between Three and beneficiaries..	1
Three houses are handed over to beneficiaries.	Three is the reason of beneficiaries..	0
The strategy covers the period to 2016, with a strong focus on 2010.	There is no causality between The and 2010..	1
The strategy covers the period to 2016, with a strong focus on 2010.	The is the reason of 2010..	0
The hotel released effluent into the lake.	There is no causality between The and lake..	1
The hotel released effluent into the lake.	The is the reason of lake..	0
The eleventh chapter is devoted entirely to architecture.	There is no causality between The and architecture..	1
The eleventh chapter is devoted entirely to architecture.	The is the reason of architecture..	0
The light combustibles are dropped in to a bunker as the combustible fuel for use in the steam boiler for generation of steam.	There is no causality between The and steam..	1
The light combustibles are dropped in to a bunker as the combustible fuel for use in the steam boiler for generation of steam.	The is the reason of steam..	0
Clasp the big toe of the right foot with the first finger of both hands.	There is no causality between Clasp and hands..	1
Clasp the big toe of the right foot with the first finger of both hands.	Clasp is the reason of hands..	0
She frowned as she glanced around at the huddle of hens, now in a tight pact gathered near Azul.	There is no causality between She and Azul..	1
She frowned as she glanced around at the huddle of hens, now in a tight pact gathered near Azul.	She is the reason of Azul..	0
In Sri Lanka, the tsunami resulted in 31187 deaths, 4280 missing people, 23189 injured people, and the displacement of 545715 people.	the tsunami cause the displacement	1
In Sri Lanka, the tsunami resulted in 31187 deaths, 4280 missing people, 23189 injured people, and the displacement of 545715 people.	the displacement cause the tsunami	0
In the end the most important factor is how the electrician's tool belt fits.	There is no causality between In and fits..	1
In the end the most important factor is how the electrician's tool belt fits.	In is the reason of fits..	0
The leukocytes migrated into the body tissues to take up a permanent residence at that location rather than remaining in the blood.	There is no causality between The and blood..	1
The leukocytes migrated into the body tissues to take up a permanent residence at that location rather than remaining in the blood.	The is the reason of blood..	0
However, in general the theory languished until 1984 when an international meeting was organized in Kona, Hawaii, about the origin of the moon.	There is no causality between However, and moon..	1
However, in general the theory languished until 1984 when an international meeting was organized in Kona, Hawaii, about the origin of the moon.	However, is the reason of moon..	0
This usage is uncommon among players of the instrument.	There is no causality between This and instrument..	1
This usage is uncommon among players of the instrument.	This is the reason of instrument..	0
He grabed one end of the broom stick as they grab the other end.	There is no causality between He and end..	1
He grabed one end of the broom stick as they grab the other end.	He is the reason of end..	0
A moat keeps the enemy at bay.	There is no causality between A and bay..	1
A moat keeps the enemy at bay.	A is the reason of bay..	0
The key was in a chest.	There is no causality between The and chest..	1
The key was in a chest.	The is the reason of chest..	0
A city takes a stand against gang violence.	There is no causality between A and violence..	1
A city takes a stand against gang violence.	A is the reason of violence..	0
The dialect spoken in the South Karelian Region of Finland is part of the South Eastern dialects of the Finnish language.	There is no causality between The and language..	1
The dialect spoken in the South Karelian Region of Finland is part of the South Eastern dialects of the Finnish language.	The is the reason of language..	0
The bears have gone into hibernation.	There is no causality between The and hibernation..	1
The bears have gone into hibernation.	The is the reason of hibernation..	0
While the curved shape resembles the gentle undulation of sand dunes, two raised starfish accent the border.	There is no causality between While and border..	1
While the curved shape resembles the gentle undulation of sand dunes, two raised starfish accent the border.	While is the reason of border..	0
The driver was trapped inside the car, which landed upside down, and died while emergency crews were preparing to transport him to a local hospital.	There is no causality between The and hospital..	1
The driver was trapped inside the car, which landed upside down, and died while emergency crews were preparing to transport him to a local hospital.	The is the reason of hospital..	0
The annual residence league of various sport codes, the Mini Olympics held during the September break has proven very popular amongst our students.	There is no causality between The and students..	1
The annual residence league of various sport codes, the Mini Olympics held during the September break has proven very popular amongst our students.	The is the reason of students..	0
The largest breeding rookery of grey seals is on the Monach Isles, west of Benbecula.	There is no causality between The and Benbecula..	1
The largest breeding rookery of grey seals is on the Monach Isles, west of Benbecula.	The is the reason of Benbecula..	0
On the one hand, a small notorious set of bacteria, fungi, parasites, protozoa, and viruses cause disease, as discussed in the two units of the book.	viruses instigated by disease	1
On the one hand, a small notorious set of bacteria, fungi, parasites, protozoa, and viruses cause disease, as discussed in the two units of the book.	disease instigated by viruses	0
The craftsman bought his own iron, finished his hinge Ls, packed them, and conveyed them to the warehouse of the factor in the large town.	There is no causality between The and town..	1
The craftsman bought his own iron, finished his hinge Ls, packed them, and conveyed them to the warehouse of the factor in the large town.	The is the reason of town..	0
This site is part of Newsquest's audited local newspaper network.	There is no causality between This and network..	1
This site is part of Newsquest's audited local newspaper network.	This is the reason of network..	0
Each question requires a text note to explain the rating.	There is no causality between Each and rating..	1
Each question requires a text note to explain the rating.	Each is the reason of rating..	0
P6 stimulation for PONV is a convincing case for the efficacy of acupuncture; to that were later added nausea from chemotherapy or pregnancy, and dental pain.	pregnancy instigated by nausea	1
P6 stimulation for PONV is a convincing case for the efficacy of acupuncture; to that were later added nausea from chemotherapy or pregnancy, and dental pain.	nausea instigated by pregnancy	0
When a watch of nightingales is at the height of breeding season, the males serenade their prospective brides with one of the most glorious and celebrated bird songs there is.	There is no causality between When and is..	1
When a watch of nightingales is at the height of breeding season, the males serenade their prospective brides with one of the most glorious and celebrated bird songs there is.	When is the reason of is..	0
The lava has been blown into great bubbles.	There is no causality between The and bubbles..	1
The lava has been blown into great bubbles.	The is the reason of bubbles..	0
The magazine was founded in order to keep athletes serving as soldiers informed about their sport back home.	There is no causality between The and home..	1
The magazine was founded in order to keep athletes serving as soldiers informed about their sport back home.	The is the reason of home..	0
A case of craniopharyngioma originating in the sphenoid bone is presented.	There is no causality between A and presented..	1
A case of craniopharyngioma originating in the sphenoid bone is presented.	A is the reason of presented..	0
A normal beer is 8 zlots  and a beer with raspberry syrup is 9 zlots.	There is no causality between A and zlots..	1
A normal beer is 8 zlots  and a beer with raspberry syrup is 9 zlots.	A is the reason of zlots..	0
The tape recorder was in a cabinet outside the cab of the engine.	There is no causality between The and engine..	1
The tape recorder was in a cabinet outside the cab of the engine.	The is the reason of engine..	0
The high temperature caused a decomposition reaction, increased the inner pressure of the reactor, and resulted in a rupture.	a decomposition reaction because a rupture	1
The high temperature caused a decomposition reaction, increased the inner pressure of the reactor, and resulted in a rupture.	a rupture because a decomposition reaction	0
The decline in populations has been caused by the influx of industrial and resident waste water, sludge sedimentation, and land reclamation.	land reclamation lead to The decline	1
The decline in populations has been caused by the influx of industrial and resident waste water, sludge sedimentation, and land reclamation.	The decline lead to land reclamation	0
The local citizens farmed for a living, raising a variety of crops including peanuts, cotton, hay, sorghum, and a variety of truck crops.	There is no causality between The and crops..	1
The local citizens farmed for a living, raising a variety of crops including peanuts, cotton, hay, sorghum, and a variety of truck crops.	The is the reason of crops..	0
More than thirty people lost their lives in June, in the disaster caused by torrential rains in Hiroshima Prefecture, and in September more than thirty people lost their lives in the damage caused by the typhoon that swept through various regions, centering on Kumamoto Prefecture.	the typhoon instigated by the damage	1
More than thirty people lost their lives in June, in the disaster caused by torrential rains in Hiroshima Prefecture, and in September more than thirty people lost their lives in the damage caused by the typhoon that swept through various regions, centering on Kumamoto Prefecture.	the damage instigated by the typhoon	0
There is a rise in erratic behavior from substance abuse and frustration caused by long waits for hospital treatment.	long waits instigated by frustration	1
There is a rise in erratic behavior from substance abuse and frustration caused by long waits for hospital treatment.	frustration instigated by long waits	0
At 5:30am my son was right behind the officer who battered the door down with a huge steel ram.	There is no causality between At and ram..	1
At 5:30am my son was right behind the officer who battered the door down with a huge steel ram.	At is the reason of ram..	0
It was in this background that the brigade of the guards was raised in 1949.	There is no causality between It and 1949..	1
It was in this background that the brigade of the guards was raised in 1949.	It is the reason of 1949..	0
The company has run into a financial problem over the last few years.	There is no causality between The and years..	1
The company has run into a financial problem over the last few years.	The is the reason of years..	0
The committee is approaching the final decision.	There is no causality between The and decision..	1
The committee is approaching the final decision.	The is the reason of decision..	0
I've been to Ireland several times and once while in a pub in Galway City I noticed people ording pints with blackcurrent syrup in them.	There is no causality between I've and them..	1
I've been to Ireland several times and once while in a pub in Galway City I noticed people ording pints with blackcurrent syrup in them.	I've is the reason of them..	0
The Air is blown into the mouthpiece.	There is no causality between The and mouthpiece..	1
The Air is blown into the mouthpiece.	The is the reason of mouthpiece..	0
At its height, the Whiskey Rebellion involved thousands of Pennsylvania farmers being taxed on rye liquor, their chief export.	There is no causality between At and export..	1
At its height, the Whiskey Rebellion involved thousands of Pennsylvania farmers being taxed on rye liquor, their chief export.	At is the reason of export..	0
The user-friendly control device is mounted on the handgrip of the wheelchair.	There is no causality between The and wheelchair..	1
The user-friendly control device is mounted on the handgrip of the wheelchair.	The is the reason of wheelchair..	0
Talks have moved into a new topic.	There is no causality between Talks and topic..	1
Talks have moved into a new topic.	Talks is the reason of topic..	0
The second router was in a box under the overhang of the bathrooms at the top part of the map.	There is no causality between The and map..	1
The second router was in a box under the overhang of the bathrooms at the top part of the map.	The is the reason of map..	0
The US troops are going into a mountain area in Pakistan.	There is no causality between The and Pakistan..	1
The US troops are going into a mountain area in Pakistan.	The is the reason of Pakistan..	0
Government revenues are drained into expensive welfare programs such as health care, pensions.	There is no causality between Government and pensions..	1
Government revenues are drained into expensive welfare programs such as health care, pensions.	Government is the reason of pensions..	0
A solar calendar is a calendar whose dates indicate the position of the earth on its revolution around the sun.	There is no causality between A and sun..	1
A solar calendar is a calendar whose dates indicate the position of the earth on its revolution around the sun.	A is the reason of sun..	0
We sent a query to two servers at a time.	There is no causality between We and time..	1
We sent a query to two servers at a time.	We is the reason of time..	0
The book relates epic battles between horses, wolves and the sheep herders and pasture dwellers.	There is no causality between The and dwellers..	1
The book relates epic battles between horses, wolves and the sheep herders and pasture dwellers.	The is the reason of dwellers..	0
A mechanic tightens the bolt with a spanner 0.25 m long.	There is no causality between A and long..	1
A mechanic tightens the bolt with a spanner 0.25 m long.	A is the reason of long..	0
Bertolli takes pages and pages of text to explain the significance of flours.	There is no causality between Bertolli and flours..	1
Bertolli takes pages and pages of text to explain the significance of flours.	Bertolli is the reason of flours..	0
Almond butter is available in many natural and whole food stores.	There is no causality between Almond and stores..	1
Almond butter is available in many natural and whole food stores.	Almond is the reason of stores..	0
Cells damaged or killed by flu result in the production of interferon which is one of the most potent causes of fever.	interferon cause fever	1
Cells damaged or killed by flu result in the production of interferon which is one of the most potent causes of fever.	fever cause interferon	0
The company uses a policy assertion to convey a condition under which they offer a Web service.	There is no causality between The and service..	1
The company uses a policy assertion to convey a condition under which they offer a Web service.	The is the reason of service..	0
These centres, along with appropriate educational and psychosocial interventions, helped children overcome the trauma and stress caused by the earthquake.	the earthquake lead to stress	1
These centres, along with appropriate educational and psychosocial interventions, helped children overcome the trauma and stress caused by the earthquake.	stress lead to the earthquake	0
The merger is running into some opposition.	There is no causality between The and opposition..	1
The merger is running into some opposition.	The is the reason of opposition..	0
She got rid of the ants in the kitchen without using dangerous pesticides.	There is no causality between She and pesticides..	1
She got rid of the ants in the kitchen without using dangerous pesticides.	She is the reason of pesticides..	0
The first workers' committee was formed in Yamit factory.	There is no causality between The and factory..	1
The first workers' committee was formed in Yamit factory.	The is the reason of factory..	0
Tom plans to continue to live the country life as he grows older.	There is no causality between Tom and older..	1
Tom plans to continue to live the country life as he grows older.	Tom is the reason of older..	0
The handwritten note was inside a plastic baggy.	There is no causality between The and baggy..	1
The handwritten note was inside a plastic baggy.	The is the reason of baggy..	0
The Order of Friars Minor Capuchin  is an order of friars in the Roman Catholic Church, the chief and only permanent offshoot of the Franciscans.	There is no causality between The and Franciscans..	1
The Order of Friars Minor Capuchin  is an order of friars in the Roman Catholic Church, the chief and only permanent offshoot of the Franciscans.	The is the reason of Franciscans..	0
He was wearing a short sleeve shirt with a tie.	There is no causality between He and tie..	1
He was wearing a short sleeve shirt with a tie.	He is the reason of tie..	0
Todd was quite as much on a level with his compeers of the profession, in that country, as was Marmaduke with his brethren on the bench.	There is no causality between Todd and bench..	1
Todd was quite as much on a level with his compeers of the profession, in that country, as was Marmaduke with his brethren on the bench.	Todd is the reason of bench..	0
I've been asking for a fizzy milk drink for a while.	There is no causality between I've and while..	1
I've been asking for a fizzy milk drink for a while.	I've is the reason of while..	0
In Australia, fifty cent coins have been put into circulation.	There is no causality between In and circulation..	1
In Australia, fifty cent coins have been put into circulation.	In is the reason of circulation..	0
The broadsword was used in some units, particularly Scottish regiments.	There is no causality between The and regiments..	1
The broadsword was used in some units, particularly Scottish regiments.	The is the reason of regiments..	0
A few crappie on Tuesday  were found among flooded willow trees, presumably feeding on the recent hatch of mayflies  that occurred on Sunday and Monday.	There is no causality between A and Monday..	1
A few crappie on Tuesday  were found among flooded willow trees, presumably feeding on the recent hatch of mayflies  that occurred on Sunday and Monday.	A is the reason of Monday..	0
This picture frame fits photographs measuring 9 x 13 cm, 3.5 x 5 inches.	There is no causality between This and inches..	1
This picture frame fits photographs measuring 9 x 13 cm, 3.5 x 5 inches.	This is the reason of inches..	0
Conditions at Nottingham prison have been criticised in a new report.	There is no causality between Conditions and report..	1
Conditions at Nottingham prison have been criticised in a new report.	Conditions is the reason of report..	0
The cells migrated into both upper layers.	There is no causality between The and layers..	1
The cells migrated into both upper layers.	The is the reason of layers..	0
It is also when a parent manipulates a child.	There is no causality between It and child..	1
It is also when a parent manipulates a child.	It is the reason of child..	0
A Japanese ferry ran into a whale.	There is no causality between A and whale..	1
A Japanese ferry ran into a whale.	A is the reason of whale..	0
Get on board before the train leaves the station.	There is no causality between Get and station..	1
Get on board before the train leaves the station.	Get is the reason of station..	0
A wisp of snipes utter their well known cry and scud over the heath; one of these is secured.	There is no causality between A and secured..	1
A wisp of snipes utter their well known cry and scud over the heath; one of these is secured.	A is the reason of secured..	0
The propaganda machine tells us about these tin-pot dictators, which are the greatest threat to the world.	There is no causality between The and world..	1
The propaganda machine tells us about these tin-pot dictators, which are the greatest threat to the world.	The is the reason of world..	0
The NRC, RSO, and the First Bank representative accessed the vault with the key.	There is no causality between The and key..	1
The NRC, RSO, and the First Bank representative accessed the vault with the key.	The is the reason of key..	0
The current was quite strong and I was having difficulty swimming over to the daggerboard of the boat which was now sticking out of the water.	There is no causality between The and water..	1
The current was quite strong and I was having difficulty swimming over to the daggerboard of the boat which was now sticking out of the water.	The is the reason of water..	0
The arrows act as avatars of the students.	There is no causality between The and students..	1
The arrows act as avatars of the students.	The is the reason of students..	0
Unlike other fish, grunion come out of the water completely to lay their eggs in the wet sand of the beach.	There is no causality between Unlike and beach..	1
Unlike other fish, grunion come out of the water completely to lay their eggs in the wet sand of the beach.	Unlike is the reason of beach..	0
Our ancestors have added high protein into their diet.	There is no causality between Our and diet..	1
Our ancestors have added high protein into their diet.	Our is the reason of diet..	0
Following a decision made by the Typhoon Committee in cooperation with United Nations agencies and the League of Red Crescent Societies, ESCAP compiles every year region-wide statistics and reports on the harm caused by tropical cyclones, floods, droughts and other severe weather events.	other severe weather events instigated by the harm	1
Following a decision made by the Typhoon Committee in cooperation with United Nations agencies and the League of Red Crescent Societies, ESCAP compiles every year region-wide statistics and reports on the harm caused by tropical cyclones, floods, droughts and other severe weather events.	the harm instigated by other severe weather events	0
The documents define policies, procedures, training, and auditing.	There is no causality between The and auditing..	1
The documents define policies, procedures, training, and auditing.	The is the reason of auditing..	0
The goal of the experimental course was to introduce students to computer programming.	There is no causality between The and programming..	1
The goal of the experimental course was to introduce students to computer programming.	The is the reason of programming..	0
Infectious diseases or communicable diseases are caused by bacteria, viruses, and parasites.	parasites cause communicable diseases	1
Infectious diseases or communicable diseases are caused by bacteria, viruses, and parasites.	communicable diseases cause parasites	0
Unemployment, debt and poverty cause enormous stress.	poverty instigated by enormous stress	1
Unemployment, debt and poverty cause enormous stress.	enormous stress instigated by poverty	0
Climate change talks have been moving into overtime.	There is no causality between Climate and overtime..	1
Climate change talks have been moving into overtime.	Climate is the reason of overtime..	0
The association keeps teachers informed about current developments.	There is no causality between The and developments..	1
The association keeps teachers informed about current developments.	The is the reason of developments..	0
Learning to change your vehicle's engine oil saves you time and money.	There is no causality between Learning and money..	1
Learning to change your vehicle's engine oil saves you time and money.	Learning is the reason of money..	0
Many different bacteria, protozoa and viruses cause food poisoning, but most cases are the result of just a few species of bacteria.	viruses instigated by food poisoning	1
Many different bacteria, protozoa and viruses cause food poisoning, but most cases are the result of just a few species of bacteria.	food poisoning instigated by viruses	0
Relationships between humans of different races have been depicted in more modern series.	There is no causality between Relationships and series..	1
Relationships between humans of different races have been depicted in more modern series.	Relationships is the reason of series..	0
The main cell types are fibroblasts,  macrophages  and adipocytes .	There is no causality between The and ..	1
The main cell types are fibroblasts,  macrophages  and adipocytes .	The is the reason of ..	0
The output noise was caused by the biasing resistors and the shot noises of the base currents of Q1 and Q4.	the shot noises cause The output noise	1
The output noise was caused by the biasing resistors and the shot noises of the base currents of Q1 and Q4.	The output noise cause the shot noises	0
The judgment was reported in local newspapers on Saturday.	There is no causality between The and Saturday..	1
The judgment was reported in local newspapers on Saturday.	The is the reason of Saturday..	0
In the story a mob surrounds a woman to stone her for adultery, and ask Jesus what they should do.	There is no causality between In and do..	1
In the story a mob surrounds a woman to stone her for adultery, and ask Jesus what they should do.	In is the reason of do..	0
However, there are many universal humanitarian laws applying to war.	There is no causality between However, and war..	1
However, there are many universal humanitarian laws applying to war.	However, is the reason of war..	0
They include sending e-mails to remind customers about abandoned items.	There is no causality between They and items..	1
They include sending e-mails to remind customers about abandoned items.	They is the reason of items..	0
In the footwear department of the store, socks and other accessories needed to be displayed in an area close to the shoes, boots and sandals, yet also be unobtrusive.	There is no causality between In and unobtrusive..	1
In the footwear department of the store, socks and other accessories needed to be displayed in an area close to the shoes, boots and sandals, yet also be unobtrusive.	In is the reason of unobtrusive..	0
The goose was released into the wild.	There is no causality between The and wild..	1
The goose was released into the wild.	The is the reason of wild..	0
The Police has beaten him up, poured water into his ears and nose, and stuffed a shoe in his mouth.	There is no causality between The and mouth..	1
The Police has beaten him up, poured water into his ears and nose, and stuffed a shoe in his mouth.	The is the reason of mouth..	0
Leah Day attached quilt binding to the back of a quilt using a sewing machine.	There is no causality between Leah and machine..	1
Leah Day attached quilt binding to the back of a quilt using a sewing machine.	Leah is the reason of machine..	0
The bible was in a trunk that was sent to Fort Worth, Texas.	There is no causality between The and Texas..	1
The bible was in a trunk that was sent to Fort Worth, Texas.	The is the reason of Texas..	0
The cheddar cheese in the pie crust of this apple pie is a stroke of genius.	There is no causality between The and genius..	1
The cheddar cheese in the pie crust of this apple pie is a stroke of genius.	The is the reason of genius..	0
Jackson wasn't to be outdone and was rewarded with a leap of three leopards, which he watched with his guests for an amazing five hours.	There is no causality between Jackson and hours..	1
Jackson wasn't to be outdone and was rewarded with a leap of three leopards, which he watched with his guests for an amazing five hours.	Jackson is the reason of hours..	0
That night, at dinnertime, the prime mover eats the philosophical pickle with a hamburger.	There is no causality between That and hamburger..	1
That night, at dinnertime, the prime mover eats the philosophical pickle with a hamburger.	That is the reason of hamburger..	0
A user activates the device with the power-on button.	There is no causality between A and button..	1
A user activates the device with the power-on button.	A is the reason of button..	0
James P. Gorman greeted his employees on Tuesday with a memorandum that outlined the management changes at the firm.	There is no causality between James and firm..	1
James P. Gorman greeted his employees on Tuesday with a memorandum that outlined the management changes at the firm.	James is the reason of firm..	0
Vegetable stew is a delicious, low calorie and healthy meal to enjoy on a cold winter night.	There is no causality between Vegetable and night..	1
Vegetable stew is a delicious, low calorie and healthy meal to enjoy on a cold winter night.	Vegetable is the reason of night..	0
The major population constitutes of farmers and agriculture related business men and merchants.	There is no causality between The and merchants..	1
The major population constitutes of farmers and agriculture related business men and merchants.	The is the reason of merchants..	0
Brownie girl scout vest is the best part of the uniform.	There is no causality between Brownie and uniform..	1
Brownie girl scout vest is the best part of the uniform.	Brownie is the reason of uniform..	0
Insert the oyster knife in the hinge of the oyster .	There is no causality between Insert and ..	1
Insert the oyster knife in the hinge of the oyster .	Insert is the reason of ..	0
The banded racer needs advice on accommodation.	There is no causality between The and accommodation..	1
The banded racer needs advice on accommodation.	The is the reason of accommodation..	0
It's the quality inside a fertilizer bag.	There is no causality between It's and bag..	1
It's the quality inside a fertilizer bag.	It's is the reason of bag..	0
Only I had a key to that door, the door was unlocked earlier, the key was locked in a safe and only I had access to the key.	There is no causality between Only and key..	1
Only I had a key to that door, the door was unlocked earlier, the key was locked in a safe and only I had access to the key.	Only is the reason of key..	0
China's feed industry has entered into its mature period.	There is no causality between China's and period..	1
China's feed industry has entered into its mature period.	China's is the reason of period..	0
Both praise and blame cause concern, for they bring people hope and fear.	blame instigated by concern	1
Both praise and blame cause concern, for they bring people hope and fear.	concern instigated by blame	0
However in addition to Maori, other population groups need specific recognition in the Bill, including people with disabilities.	There is no causality between However and disabilities..	1
However in addition to Maori, other population groups need specific recognition in the Bill, including people with disabilities.	However is the reason of disabilities..	0
The experiments indicated that the insulin content of the pancreas of the normal rabbit averaged one-half unit of "Lilly" insulin.	There is no causality between The and insulin..	1
The experiments indicated that the insulin content of the pancreas of the normal rabbit averaged one-half unit of "Lilly" insulin.	The is the reason of insulin..	0
She soon had a stable of her own rescued hounds.	There is no causality between She and hounds..	1
She soon had a stable of her own rescued hounds.	She is the reason of hounds..	0
Broken bones  in the foot are very common.	There is no causality between Broken and common..	1
Broken bones  in the foot are very common.	Broken is the reason of common..	0
The goods have been delivered to the buyer.	There is no causality between The and buyer..	1
The goods have been delivered to the buyer.	The is the reason of buyer..	0
The substance is injected into the damaged area.	There is no causality between The and area..	1
The substance is injected into the damaged area.	The is the reason of area..	0
A dehydrator is best for the drying of high moisture herbs.	There is no causality between A and herbs..	1
A dehydrator is best for the drying of high moisture herbs.	A is the reason of herbs..	0
We built this city on rock and roll.	There is no causality between We and roll..	1
We built this city on rock and roll.	We is the reason of roll..	0
An object has been placed into orbit.	There is no causality between An and orbit..	1
An object has been placed into orbit.	An is the reason of orbit..	0
While Jackson was in the White House he kept a stable of race horses -- perhaps the only president of the United States ever to run a racing stable.	There is no causality between While and stable..	1
While Jackson was in the White House he kept a stable of race horses -- perhaps the only president of the United States ever to run a racing stable.	While is the reason of stable..	0
It presents some questions connected to these cases.	There is no causality between It and cases..	1
It presents some questions connected to these cases.	It is the reason of cases..	0
The injured children were handed over to their relatives in Mannaar.	There is no causality between The and Mannaar..	1
The injured children were handed over to their relatives in Mannaar.	The is the reason of Mannaar..	0
The tiller of the stonebow is curved downward between the latch and the prod.	There is no causality between The and prod..	1
The tiller of the stonebow is curved downward between the latch and the prod.	The is the reason of prod..	0
A congregation of plovers is nesting in the field behind the church.	There is no causality between A and church..	1
A congregation of plovers is nesting in the field behind the church.	A is the reason of church..	0
The body was in a trunk of a vehicle.	There is no causality between The and vehicle..	1
The body was in a trunk of a vehicle.	The is the reason of vehicle..	0
Panna Cotta was average, except for the plum syrup was a bit overpowering.	There is no causality between Panna and overpowering..	1
Panna Cotta was average, except for the plum syrup was a bit overpowering.	Panna is the reason of overpowering..	0
My eyes have seen the defeat of my adversaries; my ears have heard the rout of my wicked foes.	There is no causality between My and foes..	1
My eyes have seen the defeat of my adversaries; my ears have heard the rout of my wicked foes.	My is the reason of foes..	0
The acoustic test is where we put the spacecraft in a sound chamber and blast it with over 140 decibels of noise for at least a full minute to simulate what it is going to experience during the launch.	There is no causality between The and launch..	1
The acoustic test is where we put the spacecraft in a sound chamber and blast it with over 140 decibels of noise for at least a full minute to simulate what it is going to experience during the launch.	The is the reason of launch..	0
A copy was sent to your e-mail address.	There is no causality between A and address..	1
A copy was sent to your e-mail address.	A is the reason of address..	0
In addition, the CPU bus of the non-safety controller is connected to each safety unit of the safety controller.	There is no causality between In and controller..	1
In addition, the CPU bus of the non-safety controller is connected to each safety unit of the safety controller.	In is the reason of controller..	0
One win and we've suddenly got a squad of world beaters.	There is no causality between One and beaters..	1
One win and we've suddenly got a squad of world beaters.	One is the reason of beaters..	0
A train ran into a cattle on the railroad.	There is no causality between A and railroad..	1
A train ran into a cattle on the railroad.	A is the reason of railroad..	0
I bought him his meds and cut his foot nails first before we headed to the hospital.	There is no causality between I and hospital..	1
I bought him his meds and cut his foot nails first before we headed to the hospital.	I is the reason of hospital..	0
A clip describing the bakery's investment in people as well as machines has been presented.	There is no causality between A and presented..	1
A clip describing the bakery's investment in people as well as machines has been presented.	A is the reason of presented..	0
The plane was in a crate and the put on a Flatbed truck and taken to the SAR Hangar.	There is no causality between The and Hangar..	1
The plane was in a crate and the put on a Flatbed truck and taken to the SAR Hangar.	The is the reason of Hangar..	0
The book asserts the intrinsic relationship between psychotherapy, human rights and politics.	There is no causality between The and politics..	1
The book asserts the intrinsic relationship between psychotherapy, human rights and politics.	The is the reason of politics..	0
The memory is stored in the same neurons that responded to the odor.	There is no causality between The and odor..	1
The memory is stored in the same neurons that responded to the odor.	The is the reason of odor..	0
The second sentence tells us about heart disease, which is an illness of late middle age and old age.	There is no causality between The and age..	1
The second sentence tells us about heart disease, which is an illness of late middle age and old age.	The is the reason of age..	0
People now post their opinions to this blog.	There is no causality between People and blog..	1
People now post their opinions to this blog.	People is the reason of blog..	0
The drugs were in a box.	There is no causality between The and box..	1
The drugs were in a box.	The is the reason of box..	0
Most people are familiar with feelings of anxiety.	There is no causality between Most and anxiety..	1
Most people are familiar with feelings of anxiety.	Most is the reason of anxiety..	0
In his speech, he related his trishaw journey experience to the residents who kept giving him loud applause.	There is no causality between In and applause..	1
In his speech, he related his trishaw journey experience to the residents who kept giving him loud applause.	In is the reason of applause..	0
The oculomotor nerve rests in a cistern within the sinus roof.	There is no causality between The and roof..	1
The oculomotor nerve rests in a cistern within the sinus roof.	The is the reason of roof..	0
Mothers were the single largest group to donate their kidneys.	There is no causality between Mothers and kidneys..	1
Mothers were the single largest group to donate their kidneys.	Mothers is the reason of kidneys..	0
Just before serving, the olive oil was poured into the salad.	There is no causality between Just and salad..	1
Just before serving, the olive oil was poured into the salad.	Just is the reason of salad..	0
2 deposits have been put into my account.	There is no causality between 2 and account..	1
2 deposits have been put into my account.	2 is the reason of account..	0
The foundry's main business is the manufacture of church bells and their fittings and accessories.	There is no causality between The and accessories..	1
The foundry's main business is the manufacture of church bells and their fittings and accessories.	The is the reason of accessories..	0
The paper includes both an essay surveying the literature and a descriptor-indexed bibliography of over 200 papers and books.	There is no causality between The and books..	1
The paper includes both an essay surveying the literature and a descriptor-indexed bibliography of over 200 papers and books.	The is the reason of books..	0
It showed a photo of it being enclosed in a black plastic case and the disc was enclosed in paper.	There is no causality between It and paper..	1
It showed a photo of it being enclosed in a black plastic case and the disc was enclosed in paper.	It is the reason of paper..	0
It is okay to have a bale of turtles for pets, but they must be free of salmonella bacteria.	There is no causality between It and bacteria..	1
It is okay to have a bale of turtles for pets, but they must be free of salmonella bacteria.	It is the reason of bacteria..	0
Background music is added into slideshows.	There is no causality between Background and slideshows..	1
Background music is added into slideshows.	Background is the reason of slideshows..	0
The instructions were concerning funds for benevolent purposes.	There is no causality between The and purposes..	1
The instructions were concerning funds for benevolent purposes.	The is the reason of purposes..	0
Auto ads during this period tended to feature the beauty and engineering strength of the vehicle.	There is no causality between Auto and vehicle..	1
Auto ads during this period tended to feature the beauty and engineering strength of the vehicle.	Auto is the reason of vehicle..	0
The pure lotus flower blooms out of the muddy pond.	There is no causality between The and pond..	1
The pure lotus flower blooms out of the muddy pond.	The is the reason of pond..	0
Two nuclei have migrated into the conjugation tube.	There is no causality between Two and tube..	1
Two nuclei have migrated into the conjugation tube.	Two is the reason of tube..	0
She wears a brace for her left ankle, has restricted use of her left hand, still has vision problems and continues with therapy.	There is no causality between She and therapy..	1
She wears a brace for her left ankle, has restricted use of her left hand, still has vision problems and continues with therapy.	She is the reason of therapy..	0
The editor improved the manuscript with his changes.	There is no causality between The and changes..	1
The editor improved the manuscript with his changes.	The is the reason of changes..	0
Scientists are in the midst of an ongoing debate about the relative value of openness and collaboration in their profession.	There is no causality between Scientists and profession..	1
Scientists are in the midst of an ongoing debate about the relative value of openness and collaboration in their profession.	Scientists is the reason of profession..	0
I finished my little 30s puff sleeve blouse last night/early this morning.	There is no causality between I and morning..	1
I finished my little 30s puff sleeve blouse last night/early this morning.	I is the reason of morning..	0
The freshness of ale in a carton is the limiting factor.	There is no causality between The and factor..	1
The freshness of ale in a carton is the limiting factor.	The is the reason of factor..	0
The Police has beaten him up, poured water into his ears and nose, and stuffed a shoe in his mouth.	There is no causality between The and mouth..	1
The Police has beaten him up, poured water into his ears and nose, and stuffed a shoe in his mouth.	The is the reason of mouth..	0
Just before dark, we saw a big gobbler strutting on the edge of the field with a harem of hens.	There is no causality between Just and hens..	1
Just before dark, we saw a big gobbler strutting on the edge of the field with a harem of hens.	Just is the reason of hens..	0
The concepts of psychoanalysis have been applied to films in various ways.	There is no causality between The and ways..	1
The concepts of psychoanalysis have been applied to films in various ways.	The is the reason of ways..	0
In the framework of a holistic approach to student development and support, Student Services are also the contact point for other functions such as student out-of-class involvement, student participation in the university governance as well as in the Student Union.	There is no causality between In and Union..	1
In the framework of a holistic approach to student development and support, Student Services are also the contact point for other functions such as student out-of-class involvement, student participation in the university governance as well as in the Student Union.	In is the reason of Union..	0
The particles were dropped into the clouds before the storm occurred.	There is no causality between The and occurred..	1
The particles were dropped into the clouds before the storm occurred.	The is the reason of occurred..	0
The sugar factory in Ipswich was built in 1925.	There is no causality between The and 1925..	1
The sugar factory in Ipswich was built in 1925.	The is the reason of 1925..	0
Billions flow into unit trust-linked products.	There is no causality between Billions and products..	1
Billions flow into unit trust-linked products.	Billions is the reason of products..	0
Only the session identifier is stored in a cookie whether database is used or not.	There is no causality between Only and not..	1
Only the session identifier is stored in a cookie whether database is used or not.	Only is the reason of not..	0
The castle was inside a museum.	There is no causality between The and museum..	1
The castle was inside a museum.	The is the reason of museum..	0
This is a deadline driven industry.	There is no causality between This and industry..	1
This is a deadline driven industry.	This is the reason of industry..	0
A pod of sperm whales was beached on Italy's southern coast and at least five died in what experts said was a rare and puzzling mass beaching for such a large species.	There is no causality between A and species..	1
A pod of sperm whales was beached on Italy's southern coast and at least five died in what experts said was a rare and puzzling mass beaching for such a large species.	A is the reason of species..	0
There are bedrooms, dining rooms and sitting rooms in the cottage.	There is no causality between There and cottage..	1
There are bedrooms, dining rooms and sitting rooms in the cottage.	There is the reason of cottage..	0
We used the scope to leisurely study the kaleidoscope of whirling and nectaring butterflies.	There is no causality between We and butterflies..	1
We used the scope to leisurely study the kaleidoscope of whirling and nectaring butterflies.	We is the reason of butterflies..	0
I love the imperial logo at the end of the tank canons.	There is no causality between I and canons..	1
I love the imperial logo at the end of the tank canons.	I is the reason of canons..	0
Uncooked steak is placed on the top shelf of the refrigerator and uncovered roast chicken on the bottom shelf.	There is no causality between Uncooked and shelf..	1
Uncooked steak is placed on the top shelf of the refrigerator and uncovered roast chicken on the bottom shelf.	Uncooked is the reason of shelf..	0
Moreover, the knightly ethic was based on a sense of honour and reflected the ideal of a comradeship of arms.	There is no causality between Moreover, and arms..	1
Moreover, the knightly ethic was based on a sense of honour and reflected the ideal of a comradeship of arms.	Moreover, is the reason of arms..	0
The company invested a million into a new product for potential profit.	There is no causality between The and profit..	1
The company invested a million into a new product for potential profit.	The is the reason of profit..	0
The message was inside a box of Post Toasties.	There is no causality between The and Toasties..	1
The message was inside a box of Post Toasties.	The is the reason of Toasties..	0
It has taken time and effort to get the metal out of the ground.	There is no causality between It and ground..	1
It has taken time and effort to get the metal out of the ground.	It is the reason of ground..	0
They opened the text file and dumped the text into the text box.	There is no causality between They and box..	1
They opened the text file and dumped the text into the text box.	They is the reason of box..	0
The anthrax was in a suitcase that the Egyptian was supposed to deliver to someone in Canada.	There is no causality between The and Canada..	1
The anthrax was in a suitcase that the Egyptian was supposed to deliver to someone in Canada.	The is the reason of Canada..	0
The famous actress arrived at the airport.	There is no causality between The and airport..	1
The famous actress arrived at the airport.	The is the reason of airport..	0
The team prepared GIS precipitation and contour maps of the area  depicting the landforms and identifying the flooding and landslides caused by the rainfall.	the rainfall cause landslides	1
The team prepared GIS precipitation and contour maps of the area  depicting the landforms and identifying the flooding and landslides caused by the rainfall.	landslides cause the rainfall	0
People walk past a poster advertising a luxury fashion brand on a main street in Shanghai.	There is no causality between People and Shanghai..	1
People walk past a poster advertising a luxury fashion brand on a main street in Shanghai.	People is the reason of Shanghai..	0
This document looks at the diversity of arts and creativity in rural England, and the key role that the arts play in rural regeneration.	There is no causality between This and regeneration..	1
This document looks at the diversity of arts and creativity in rural England, and the key role that the arts play in rural regeneration.	This is the reason of regeneration..	0
These coins are enclosed in a clear hard plastic case with a blue background that is packaged in a blue box.	There is no causality between These and box..	1
These coins are enclosed in a clear hard plastic case with a blue background that is packaged in a blue box.	These is the reason of box..	0
The artist's development toolkit is one of a series of interactive artist's tookits.	There is no causality between The and tookits..	1
The artist's development toolkit is one of a series of interactive artist's tookits.	The is the reason of tookits..	0
The study demonstrates that ultrasound is a reliable and great efficiency tool for the fast extraction of Korean pine seed oil.	There is no causality between The and oil..	1
The study demonstrates that ultrasound is a reliable and great efficiency tool for the fast extraction of Korean pine seed oil.	The is the reason of oil..	0
A freight train on the Chicago and Alton Railroad, while approaching this city yesterday morning, dashed into a drove of cattle, killing three of them.	There is no causality between A and them..	1
A freight train on the Chicago and Alton Railroad, while approaching this city yesterday morning, dashed into a drove of cattle, killing three of them.	A is the reason of them..	0
The divers went down two weeks ago to look at the condition of the piles supporting the pier.	There is no causality between The and pier..	1
The divers went down two weeks ago to look at the condition of the piles supporting the pier.	The is the reason of pier..	0
Chestnut flour was more common than wheat flour in the Italian Alps a century ago.	There is no causality between Chestnut and ago..	1
Chestnut flour was more common than wheat flour in the Italian Alps a century ago.	Chestnut is the reason of ago..	0
Texas-born virtuoso finds harmony, sophistication in Appalachian instrument.	There is no causality between Texas-born and instrument..	1
Texas-born virtuoso finds harmony, sophistication in Appalachian instrument.	Texas-born is the reason of instrument..	0
My passport was in a trunk under my bed.	There is no causality between My and bed..	1
My passport was in a trunk under my bed.	My is the reason of bed..	0
Hermione just shook her head and drank her mango nectar, laughing a little.	There is no causality between Hermione and little..	1
Hermione just shook her head and drank her mango nectar, laughing a little.	Hermione is the reason of little..	0
This primary school teacher has completed a whole book with his class in just one week.	There is no causality between This and week..	1
This primary school teacher has completed a whole book with his class in just one week.	This is the reason of week..	0
The foundry utilizes the best horizontal parted molding line for the manufacturing of street castings and features the best environmental control technology available.	There is no causality between The and available..	1
The foundry utilizes the best horizontal parted molding line for the manufacturing of street castings and features the best environmental control technology available.	The is the reason of available..	0
He has combined intelligent history with moving prose, creating an informative, inspiring narrative telling the history of a great people.	There is no causality between He and people..	1
He has combined intelligent history with moving prose, creating an informative, inspiring narrative telling the history of a great people.	He is the reason of people..	0
Along with lots of padding, a treat wrapped inside a towel was put inside the seat of the stuntman's pants to entice the dog to bite the padded part.	There is no causality between Along and part..	1
Along with lots of padding, a treat wrapped inside a towel was put inside the seat of the stuntman's pants to entice the dog to bite the padded part.	Along is the reason of part..	0
The temporomandibular joints are the two jaw joints, one at each side of the face.	There is no causality between The and face..	1
The temporomandibular joints are the two jaw joints, one at each side of the face.	The is the reason of face..	0
The panel considers the impact of the exhibition.	There is no causality between The and exhibition..	1
The panel considers the impact of the exhibition.	The is the reason of exhibition..	0
The infectious bacterial disease brucellosis has been found in a beef cow in eastern Idaho.	There is no causality between The and Idaho..	1
The infectious bacterial disease brucellosis has been found in a beef cow in eastern Idaho.	The is the reason of Idaho..	0
This book supplies us with a good deal of material for his biography.	There is no causality between This and biography..	1
This book supplies us with a good deal of material for his biography.	This is the reason of biography..	0
Suddenly a nurse takes off her familiar loose-fitting clothes, and dresses her in clothes, which fit her more closely.	There is no causality between Suddenly and closely..	1
Suddenly a nurse takes off her familiar loose-fitting clothes, and dresses her in clothes, which fit her more closely.	Suddenly is the reason of closely..	0
The Demon Princes is a five-book series of science fiction novels which cumulatively relate the story of Kirth Gersen.	There is no causality between The and Gersen..	1
The Demon Princes is a five-book series of science fiction novels which cumulatively relate the story of Kirth Gersen.	The is the reason of Gersen..	0
The horn has a full round end, the expensive part of the antlers.	There is no causality between The and antlers..	1
The horn has a full round end, the expensive part of the antlers.	The is the reason of antlers..	0
The eight-part serial was a historical drama set in ancient Egypt and charted the ruling dynasty of the Cleopatras.	There is no causality between The and Cleopatras..	1
The eight-part serial was a historical drama set in ancient Egypt and charted the ruling dynasty of the Cleopatras.	The is the reason of Cleopatras..	0
Osteoporosis is caused by a sharp decrease in estrogen levels that leads to an increased rate of bone remodeling.	a sharp decrease lead to an increased rate	1
Osteoporosis is caused by a sharp decrease in estrogen levels that leads to an increased rate of bone remodeling.	an increased rate lead to a sharp decrease	0
Masked robber threatens worker with claw hammer.	There is no causality between Masked and hammer..	1
Masked robber threatens worker with claw hammer.	Masked is the reason of hammer..	0
These changes can be caused by the tumor itself, by increased pressure within the skull caused by the presence of the tumor.	the presence cause increased pressure	1
These changes can be caused by the tumor itself, by increased pressure within the skull caused by the presence of the tumor.	increased pressure cause the presence	0
When you press and hold K1 Button for about 3 seconds, the green indicator of the headset flashes once every 3 seconds.	There is no causality between When and seconds..	1
When you press and hold K1 Button for about 3 seconds, the green indicator of the headset flashes once every 3 seconds.	When is the reason of seconds..	0
I kept my mobile  in the same pocket in my trousers .	There is no causality between I and ..	1
I kept my mobile  in the same pocket in my trousers .	I is the reason of ..	0
Washer works with a single cup of water.	There is no causality between Washer and water..	1
Washer works with a single cup of water.	Washer is the reason of water..	0
In this affecting, perceptive debut novel, Rachel Kadish reflects on the ghosts of the past, the tensions of war, and the difficult bonds of family.	There is no causality between In and family..	1
In this affecting, perceptive debut novel, Rachel Kadish reflects on the ghosts of the past, the tensions of war, and the difficult bonds of family.	In is the reason of family..	0
A new insulated pizza bag is delivered to the market.	There is no causality between A and market..	1
A new insulated pizza bag is delivered to the market.	A is the reason of market..	0
The pizza dough was in a bin on the floor.	There is no causality between The and floor..	1
The pizza dough was in a bin on the floor.	The is the reason of floor..	0
The essay inquires into the origins, nature, and usage of the term in multiple contexts.	There is no causality between The and contexts..	1
The essay inquires into the origins, nature, and usage of the term in multiple contexts.	The is the reason of contexts..	0
The outsiders are moving into the pole.	There is no causality between The and pole..	1
The outsiders are moving into the pole.	The is the reason of pole..	0
There are many types and causes of headaches, from tension headaches due to stress to migraines triggered by certain foods.	certain foods lead to migraines	1
There are many types and causes of headaches, from tension headaches due to stress to migraines triggered by certain foods.	migraines lead to certain foods	0
None of the answers just popped out of the computer.	There is no causality between None and computer..	1
None of the answers just popped out of the computer.	None is the reason of computer..	0
The momentum of their movement breaks the circle as the arm of the foreground dancer reaches out.	There is no causality between The and out..	1
The momentum of their movement breaks the circle as the arm of the foreground dancer reaches out.	The is the reason of out..	0
Show 1 in the series is a documentary detailing the first stages of the celebrity students' conductor training as they enter into a week long 'Baton Camp'.	There is no causality between Show and Camp'..	1
Show 1 in the series is a documentary detailing the first stages of the celebrity students' conductor training as they enter into a week long 'Baton Camp'.	Show is the reason of Camp'..	0
When he was back he noticed that he had locked the keys inside the car.	There is no causality between When and car..	1
When he was back he noticed that he had locked the keys inside the car.	When is the reason of car..	0
Phone masts for the high-tech third generation mobile phones cause headaches and nausea.	Phone masts lead to nausea	1
Phone masts for the high-tech third generation mobile phones cause headaches and nausea.	nausea lead to Phone masts	0
Murmur of Water, Kuttimuratov's other piece I photographed for you, shows the Zoroastrian goddess of water with a fish.	There is no causality between Murmur and fish..	1
Murmur of Water, Kuttimuratov's other piece I photographed for you, shows the Zoroastrian goddess of water with a fish.	Murmur is the reason of fish..	0
There is a curb between the sidewalk and the shared bus and bike lane on the road.	There is no causality between There and road..	1
There is a curb between the sidewalk and the shared bus and bike lane on the road.	There is the reason of road..	0
When I'm walking alone, I count the steps of the stairs, and I also guess approximately how many steps are left till I reach the next street.	There is no causality between When and street..	1
When I'm walking alone, I count the steps of the stairs, and I also guess approximately how many steps are left till I reach the next street.	When is the reason of street..	0
The fat and cholesterol cause heart disease, the animal protein causes cancer.	the animal protein caused by cancer	1
The fat and cholesterol cause heart disease, the animal protein causes cancer.	cancer caused by the animal protein	0
The lid of the pink granite sarcophagus is decorated with Isis and Nephthys, which were meant to serve as guardians over the body.	There is no causality between The and body..	1
The lid of the pink granite sarcophagus is decorated with Isis and Nephthys, which were meant to serve as guardians over the body.	The is the reason of body..	0
An explosive was hidden in a condom or condom-like bag just below his torso.	There is no causality between An and torso..	1
An explosive was hidden in a condom or condom-like bag just below his torso.	An is the reason of torso..	0
The debacle was the topic of conversation for days.	There is no causality between The and days..	1
The debacle was the topic of conversation for days.	The is the reason of days..	0
The position of the OECD has been criticized in literature.	There is no causality between The and literature..	1
The position of the OECD has been criticized in literature.	The is the reason of literature..	0
The guests arrived to the wedding on time.	There is no causality between The and time..	1
The guests arrived to the wedding on time.	The is the reason of time..	0
Pinworm infestation is very rarely fatal; death and morbidity are from secondary infection.	secondary infection because morbidity	1
Pinworm infestation is very rarely fatal; death and morbidity are from secondary infection.	morbidity because secondary infection	0
This was demonstrated for a servomotor driven-robot arm using a computer simulation.	There is no causality between This and simulation..	1
This was demonstrated for a servomotor driven-robot arm using a computer simulation.	This is the reason of simulation..	0
I pressed the button of the radio transmitter to be programmed 1x.	There is no causality between I and 1x..	1
I pressed the button of the radio transmitter to be programmed 1x.	I is the reason of 1x..	0
In 1905 the press reported extensively and vividly on the disorders in the cities and countryside, the clamor for basic reform, the political discussions.	There is no causality between In and discussions..	1
In 1905 the press reported extensively and vividly on the disorders in the cities and countryside, the clamor for basic reform, the political discussions.	In is the reason of discussions..	0
The bat moves its wings like we move our fingers.	There is no causality between The and fingers..	1
The bat moves its wings like we move our fingers.	The is the reason of fingers..	0
The supplier's invoice is payable within 30 days.	There is no causality between The and days..	1
The supplier's invoice is payable within 30 days.	The is the reason of days..	0
Police charge a Carlisle man with eight offences in relation to the illegal trade of endangered tortoises.	There is no causality between Police and tortoises..	1
Police charge a Carlisle man with eight offences in relation to the illegal trade of endangered tortoises.	Police is the reason of tortoises..	0
The body of Sandra Cantu was discovered inside a suitcase in an irrigation pond.	There is no causality between The and pond..	1
The body of Sandra Cantu was discovered inside a suitcase in an irrigation pond.	The is the reason of pond..	0
Local legend tells of a man unjustly hanged and a grave where no grass will grow.	There is no causality between Local and grow..	1
Local legend tells of a man unjustly hanged and a grave where no grass will grow.	Local is the reason of grow..	0
The children sent their marriage into a downward spiral.	There is no causality between The and spiral..	1
The children sent their marriage into a downward spiral.	The is the reason of spiral..	0
Although the sack is as fish friendly as possible, we took great care when we retained the carp in a sack for such a long period of time.	There is no causality between Although and time..	1
Although the sack is as fish friendly as possible, we took great care when we retained the carp in a sack for such a long period of time.	Although is the reason of time..	0
A player attaches a flashlight to a rifle which is later discarded.	There is no causality between A and discarded..	1
A player attaches a flashlight to a rifle which is later discarded.	A is the reason of discarded..	0
I was lucky enough to see with my own eyes the recent stock-market crash, where they lost several million dollars, a rabble of dead money that went sliding off into the sea.	There is no causality between I and sea..	1
I was lucky enough to see with my own eyes the recent stock-market crash, where they lost several million dollars, a rabble of dead money that went sliding off into the sea.	I is the reason of sea..	0
Public key encryption is a technique that uses a pair of asymmetric keys for encryption and decryption.	There is no causality between Public and decryption..	1
Public key encryption is a technique that uses a pair of asymmetric keys for encryption and decryption.	Public is the reason of decryption..	0
A nation is a group of people.	There is no causality between A and people..	1
A nation is a group of people.	A is the reason of people..	0
First, we fetched the cursor into the target variables.	There is no causality between First, and variables..	1
First, we fetched the cursor into the target variables.	First, is the reason of variables..	0
UK researchers have offered new insight into the origins of RNA.	There is no causality between UK and RNA..	1
UK researchers have offered new insight into the origins of RNA.	UK is the reason of RNA..	0
A little ringed plover flew over the water at the bottom of the colony of vultures.	There is no causality between A and vultures..	1
A little ringed plover flew over the water at the bottom of the colony of vultures.	A is the reason of vultures..	0
He takes words into action.	There is no causality between He and action..	1
He takes words into action.	He is the reason of action..	0
Such interventions placed the general in a role that many within the profession considered inappropriate.	There is no causality between Such and inappropriate..	1
Such interventions placed the general in a role that many within the profession considered inappropriate.	Such is the reason of inappropriate..	0
This outline focuses on spirituality, esotericism, mysticism, religion and/or parapsychology.	There is no causality between This and parapsychology..	1
This outline focuses on spirituality, esotericism, mysticism, religion and/or parapsychology.	This is the reason of parapsychology..	0
The ancients cultivated the species Heracleum Sphondylium which is the parsnip a similar plant to carrots.	There is no causality between The and carrots..	1
The ancients cultivated the species Heracleum Sphondylium which is the parsnip a similar plant to carrots.	The is the reason of carrots..	0
This movie has thrown viewers into confusion.	There is no causality between This and confusion..	1
This movie has thrown viewers into confusion.	This is the reason of confusion..	0
Springwatch is an annual BBC television series which charts the fortunes of wildlife during the arrival of springtime in the United Kingdom.	There is no causality between Springwatch and Kingdom..	1
Springwatch is an annual BBC television series which charts the fortunes of wildlife during the arrival of springtime in the United Kingdom.	Springwatch is the reason of Kingdom..	0
The DC-DC converter was manufactured in a 130nm bulk CMOS process.	There is no causality between The and process..	1
The DC-DC converter was manufactured in a 130nm bulk CMOS process.	The is the reason of process..	0
She placed the bread in a serving basket and passed it around the classroom.	There is no causality between She and classroom..	1
She placed the bread in a serving basket and passed it around the classroom.	She is the reason of classroom..	0
He stuffed the paper into the bottom of his backpack.	There is no causality between He and backpack..	1
He stuffed the paper into the bottom of his backpack.	He is the reason of backpack..	0
Last night, someone threw a stone into our glass window.	There is no causality between Last and window..	1
Last night, someone threw a stone into our glass window.	Last is the reason of window..	0
A writer who lives in Salt Lake City has recently completed a memoir about her experiences as a Mormon missionary.	There is no causality between A and missionary..	1
A writer who lives in Salt Lake City has recently completed a memoir about her experiences as a Mormon missionary.	A is the reason of missionary..	0
They presented passive brass piezo mono contact microphone with high quality 1/4" male output plug.	There is no causality between They and plug..	1
They presented passive brass piezo mono contact microphone with high quality 1/4" male output plug.	They is the reason of plug..	0
It is very natural and normal to feel grief and sorrow after the loss of a pet.	the loss instigated by sorrow	1
It is very natural and normal to feel grief and sorrow after the loss of a pet.	sorrow instigated by the loss	0
The two men moved the furniture into the room.	There is no causality between The and room..	1
The two men moved the furniture into the room.	The is the reason of room..	0
This experiment is performed with an aqueous solution of a strong acid inside a flask.	There is no causality between This and flask..	1
This experiment is performed with an aqueous solution of a strong acid inside a flask.	This is the reason of flask..	0
I'm so honored to represent my father in this comradeship of brothers.	There is no causality between I'm and brothers..	1
I'm so honored to represent my father in this comradeship of brothers.	I'm is the reason of brothers..	0
Lots of people were having picture taking sessions at the big patch of yellow flowers in Showa Kinen.	There is no causality between Lots and Kinen..	1
Lots of people were having picture taking sessions at the big patch of yellow flowers in Showa Kinen.	Lots is the reason of Kinen..	0
Whatever the case, we have added tessellate into our favorite songs.	There is no causality between Whatever and songs..	1
Whatever the case, we have added tessellate into our favorite songs.	Whatever is the reason of songs..	0
I'm finding the most joy comes from Asian flavours; beautiful fresh fish; things that have been marinated; roasted vegetables; meats that intensify in flavour during the cooking process; and dishes made from the most brilliant, fresh, in-season food.	dishes caused by the most joy	1
I'm finding the most joy comes from Asian flavours; beautiful fresh fish; things that have been marinated; roasted vegetables; meats that intensify in flavour during the cooking process; and dishes made from the most brilliant, fresh, in-season food.	the most joy caused by dishes	0
There are serious legal concerns in relation to cases of this kind and these are the factors we have to bear in mind when deciding what we publish or broadcast.	There is no causality between There and broadcast..	1
There are serious legal concerns in relation to cases of this kind and these are the factors we have to bear in mind when deciding what we publish or broadcast.	There is the reason of broadcast..	0
The book is about how the bomb was used in diplomacy.	There is no causality between The and diplomacy..	1
The book is about how the bomb was used in diplomacy.	The is the reason of diplomacy..	0
The slope on a distance-time graph represents the speed of an object.	There is no causality between The and object..	1
The slope on a distance-time graph represents the speed of an object.	The is the reason of object..	0
The debate considers cultural value, social relevance, sustainability and other abstract topics as possible measures to drive a decision.	There is no causality between The and decision..	1
The debate considers cultural value, social relevance, sustainability and other abstract topics as possible measures to drive a decision.	The is the reason of decision..	0
Sure the almond flour was pricey, but I felt exotic using an ingredient I've never used before.	There is no causality between Sure and before..	1
Sure the almond flour was pricey, but I felt exotic using an ingredient I've never used before.	Sure is the reason of before..	0
The girls drank the vodka out of plastic water bottles.	There is no causality between The and bottles..	1
The girls drank the vodka out of plastic water bottles.	The is the reason of bottles..	0
The closely guarded Raffles recipe was locked in a safe that still remains onsite today.	There is no causality between The and today..	1
The closely guarded Raffles recipe was locked in a safe that still remains onsite today.	The is the reason of today..	0
The information on the recorded talks is kept in the database.	There is no causality between The and database..	1
The information on the recorded talks is kept in the database.	The is the reason of database..	0
Some articles are written for the widest audience of general readers.	There is no causality between Some and readers..	1
Some articles are written for the widest audience of general readers.	Some is the reason of readers..	0
A professor portrays his students' term paper as his own.	There is no causality between A and own..	1
A professor portrays his students' term paper as his own.	A is the reason of own..	0
The three-part Irish crime documentary series examined three memorable and notorious large-scale crimes committed in the country.	There is no causality between The and country..	1
The three-part Irish crime documentary series examined three memorable and notorious large-scale crimes committed in the country.	The is the reason of country..	0
Birds take a lot of time caring for their feathers.	There is no causality between Birds and feathers..	1
Birds take a lot of time caring for their feathers.	Birds is the reason of feathers..	0
The trench was inside the fenced back yard.	There is no causality between The and yard..	1
The trench was inside the fenced back yard.	The is the reason of yard..	0
The rod in the hand priming tool is quite long and the handle bottoms out before the primer is completely seated.	There is no causality between The and seated..	1
The rod in the hand priming tool is quite long and the handle bottoms out before the primer is completely seated.	The is the reason of seated..	0
The armature has a coil of wire wrapped around an iron core.	There is no causality between The and core..	1
The armature has a coil of wire wrapped around an iron core.	The is the reason of core..	0
The legs of the chairs were designed differently and they were continuously upgraded with new styles and designs.	There is no causality between The and designs..	1
The legs of the chairs were designed differently and they were continuously upgraded with new styles and designs.	The is the reason of designs..	0
The captain and the crew of the Steve Irwin are grateful for the support of the City of Fremantle and Mayor Brad Pettitt for hosting the event.	There is no causality between The and event..	1
The captain and the crew of the Steve Irwin are grateful for the support of the City of Fremantle and Mayor Brad Pettitt for hosting the event.	The is the reason of event..	0
The money was locked in a safe on the premises.	There is no causality between The and premises..	1
The money was locked in a safe on the premises.	The is the reason of premises..	0
The subject first moves a foot in order to take a step.	There is no causality between The and step..	1
The subject first moves a foot in order to take a step.	The is the reason of step..	0
We find the candle light creates a special atmosphere not only for food, but ambiance for a relaxing convivial meal as well.	the candle light instigated by ambiance	1
We find the candle light creates a special atmosphere not only for food, but ambiance for a relaxing convivial meal as well.	ambiance instigated by the candle light	0
His novels and stories often have to do with black comedy, parody, satire, and Zen Buddhism.	There is no causality between His and Buddhism..	1
His novels and stories often have to do with black comedy, parody, satire, and Zen Buddhism.	His is the reason of Buddhism..	0
The chef stirred the chopped pistachios into the soaked fruit.	There is no causality between The and fruit..	1
The chef stirred the chopped pistachios into the soaked fruit.	The is the reason of fruit..	0
Their whole future is being thrown into disarray.	There is no causality between Their and disarray..	1
Their whole future is being thrown into disarray.	Their is the reason of disarray..	0
The award was bestowed to the organization.	There is no causality between The and organization..	1
The award was bestowed to the organization.	The is the reason of organization..	0
Now, you have imported the data into the region database.	There is no causality between Now, and database..	1
Now, you have imported the data into the region database.	Now, is the reason of database..	0
The US government sent an envoy to the North Korean government.	There is no causality between The and government..	1
The US government sent an envoy to the North Korean government.	The is the reason of government..	0
The soldiers moved into the newest post.	There is no causality between The and post..	1
The soldiers moved into the newest post.	The is the reason of post..	0
A cutting tool of the sort used for deep hole drilling has a cutting head mounted on a shank.	There is no causality between A and shank..	1
A cutting tool of the sort used for deep hole drilling has a cutting head mounted on a shank.	A is the reason of shank..	0
Vehicles are equipped with front and rear bumpers designed to withstand the impact of the collision.	There is no causality between Vehicles and collision..	1
Vehicles are equipped with front and rear bumpers designed to withstand the impact of the collision.	Vehicles is the reason of collision..	0
The interrogation covers von Neurath's activities during the years 1932 to 1938 and Hitler's policy of aggression during the late 1930s.	There is no causality between The and 1930s..	1
The interrogation covers von Neurath's activities during the years 1932 to 1938 and Hitler's policy of aggression during the late 1930s.	The is the reason of 1930s..	0
Johnny remembered the two of them having the waiters bring for their inspection a brace of dressed ducks, or pheasants, before ordering them cooked.	There is no causality between Johnny and cooked..	1
Johnny remembered the two of them having the waiters bring for their inspection a brace of dressed ducks, or pheasants, before ordering them cooked.	Johnny is the reason of cooked..	0
The river once powered a grist mill.	There is no causality between The and mill..	1
The river once powered a grist mill.	The is the reason of mill..	0
The Rail Accident Investigation Branch has released its report on the derailment.	There is no causality between The and derailment..	1
The Rail Accident Investigation Branch has released its report on the derailment.	The is the reason of derailment..	0
The hygrometer was manufactured in the spring of 1995, and it was calibrated for the first time in June 1995.	There is no causality between The and 1995..	1
The hygrometer was manufactured in the spring of 1995, and it was calibrated for the first time in June 1995.	The is the reason of 1995..	0
The buyer adjusted the gold dust with a spoon until the scale balanced.	There is no causality between The and balanced..	1
The buyer adjusted the gold dust with a spoon until the scale balanced.	The is the reason of balanced..	0
The contents of the bear's stomach included apple mash, corn and blueberries.	There is no causality between The and blueberries..	1
The contents of the bear's stomach included apple mash, corn and blueberries.	The is the reason of blueberries..	0
Munitions were stored in the hold of the vessel.	There is no causality between Munitions and vessel..	1
Munitions were stored in the hold of the vessel.	Munitions is the reason of vessel..	0
He also released a similar document investigating violence against women.	There is no causality between He and women..	1
He also released a similar document investigating violence against women.	He is the reason of women..	0
The authors assessed the reliability of the basic diagnostic methods in series of 181 patients with bladder tumoursas compared with operative findings.	There is no causality between The and findings..	1
The authors assessed the reliability of the basic diagnostic methods in series of 181 patients with bladder tumoursas compared with operative findings.	The is the reason of findings..	0
The human body uses oxygen in order to transform glucose into energy.	There is no causality between The and energy..	1
The human body uses oxygen in order to transform glucose into energy.	The is the reason of energy..	0
The programme depicts the adventures of a mysterious, humanoid alien.	There is no causality between The and alien..	1
The programme depicts the adventures of a mysterious, humanoid alien.	The is the reason of alien..	0
The mummy, ensconced in material, was inside a box bearing the words "Sacred to the memory of our little Hawaiian home across the sea.	There is no causality between The and sea..	1
The mummy, ensconced in material, was inside a box bearing the words "Sacred to the memory of our little Hawaiian home across the sea.	The is the reason of sea..	0
The preforms were blown into the bottles.	There is no causality between The and bottles..	1
The preforms were blown into the bottles.	The is the reason of bottles..	0
The eye works using the retina as a lens.	There is no causality between The and lens..	1
The eye works using the retina as a lens.	The is the reason of lens..	0
The offers have been placed into our catalog.	There is no causality between The and catalog..	1
The offers have been placed into our catalog.	The is the reason of catalog..	0
A digital door lock is an electronic lock for residential applications such as front doors on apartments and single-family houses.	There is no causality between A and houses..	1
A digital door lock is an electronic lock for residential applications such as front doors on apartments and single-family houses.	A is the reason of houses..	0
BMW or Bavarian Motor Works is a German car and motorcycle manufacturer.	There is no causality between BMW and manufacturer..	1
BMW or Bavarian Motor Works is a German car and motorcycle manufacturer.	BMW is the reason of manufacturer..	0
An AIDS test is added to the physical exam.	There is no causality between An and exam..	1
An AIDS test is added to the physical exam.	An is the reason of exam..	0
A few days before the service, Tom Burris had thrown into Karen's casket his wedding ring.	There is no causality between A and ring..	1
A few days before the service, Tom Burris had thrown into Karen's casket his wedding ring.	A is the reason of ring..	0
Wind and water cause erosion to change the shape of the earth.	water instigated by erosion	1
Wind and water cause erosion to change the shape of the earth.	erosion instigated by water	0
Standing squarely in the way of progressive plans to fortify Marseilles, that magic grove of dodonian oaks, holly oaks and alder just had to go.	There is no causality between Standing and go..	1
Standing squarely in the way of progressive plans to fortify Marseilles, that magic grove of dodonian oaks, holly oaks and alder just had to go.	Standing is the reason of go..	0
The plan for the day was for our group to join a convoy of buses, vans and coasters on a 3-hour drive across the bare Egyptian desert to the distant city of Abu Simbel.	There is no causality between The and Simbel..	1
The plan for the day was for our group to join a convoy of buses, vans and coasters on a 3-hour drive across the bare Egyptian desert to the distant city of Abu Simbel.	The is the reason of Simbel..	0
Biomagnetic Research, in Arizona, makes a range of devices for neutralizing radiation from computers and other sources.	other sources instigated by radiation	1
Biomagnetic Research, in Arizona, makes a range of devices for neutralizing radiation from computers and other sources.	radiation instigated by other sources	0
But scientists successfully treated the mice with broad-spectrum antiboitics.	There is no causality between But and antiboitics..	1
But scientists successfully treated the mice with broad-spectrum antiboitics.	But is the reason of antiboitics..	0
The management of the club consists of Thai office bearers and local expatriate volunteers.	There is no causality between The and volunteers..	1
The management of the club consists of Thai office bearers and local expatriate volunteers.	The is the reason of volunteers..	0
He has always waited patiently in the studio until his master's voice signals that it was time to go home.	There is no causality between He and home..	1
He has always waited patiently in the studio until his master's voice signals that it was time to go home.	He is the reason of home..	0
The focus has largely been on the subject of ethics.	There is no causality between The and ethics..	1
The focus has largely been on the subject of ethics.	The is the reason of ethics..	0
The hockey fans have gone into hiding.	There is no causality between The and hiding..	1
The hockey fans have gone into hiding.	The is the reason of hiding..	0
A low temperature superconducting magnet has been delivered to Ad Astra's Houston facility.	There is no causality between A and facility..	1
A low temperature superconducting magnet has been delivered to Ad Astra's Houston facility.	A is the reason of facility..	0
Further left a boy is fighting a peacock with a stick, and to the right a boy is killing an attacking goat with a spear.	There is no causality between Further and spear..	1
Further left a boy is fighting a peacock with a stick, and to the right a boy is killing an attacking goat with a spear.	Further is the reason of spear..	0
Mobilizing a collective of musicians, artists, models and collaborators N.I.C.E. built a temporary community 60 miles outside the San Francisco city limits.	There is no causality between Mobilizing and limits..	1
Mobilizing a collective of musicians, artists, models and collaborators N.I.C.E. built a temporary community 60 miles outside the San Francisco city limits.	Mobilizing is the reason of limits..	0
Manuel Neves, the spouse of Idalina, is a mason who did work on the shopping plazas and at Botti's Maple Avenue residence.	There is no causality between Manuel and residence..	1
Manuel Neves, the spouse of Idalina, is a mason who did work on the shopping plazas and at Botti's Maple Avenue residence.	Manuel is the reason of residence..	0
When the police raid the catacombs, Shannyn's character hits her head while fleeing only to wake up alone in the maze of skulls and bones.	There is no causality between When and bones..	1
When the police raid the catacombs, Shannyn's character hits her head while fleeing only to wake up alone in the maze of skulls and bones.	When is the reason of bones..	0
Insurgents in Asadabad have thrown a grenade into the crowd.	There is no causality between Insurgents and crowd..	1
Insurgents in Asadabad have thrown a grenade into the crowd.	Insurgents is the reason of crowd..	0
Marcus stabs one of the attackers with a screwdriver and we see the impact, as well as the victim painfully removing the screwdriver.	There is no causality between Marcus and screwdriver..	1
Marcus stabs one of the attackers with a screwdriver and we see the impact, as well as the victim painfully removing the screwdriver.	Marcus is the reason of screwdriver..	0
The animal plate of the sea urchin embryo becomes the apical organ, a sensory structure of the larva.	There is no causality between The and larva..	1
The animal plate of the sea urchin embryo becomes the apical organ, a sensory structure of the larva.	The is the reason of larva..	0
Three distinct formulations of valproic acid have been investigated in clinical trials.	There is no causality between Three and trials..	1
Three distinct formulations of valproic acid have been investigated in clinical trials.	Three is the reason of trials..	0
Individual investors moved into the property.	There is no causality between Individual and property..	1
Individual investors moved into the property.	Individual is the reason of property..	0
Better&Partners Communications is an advertising agency specialized in TV ads, outdoors, media, marketing, consulting, press, etc...	There is no causality between Better&Partners and etc....	1
Better&Partners Communications is an advertising agency specialized in TV ads, outdoors, media, marketing, consulting, press, etc...	Better&Partners is the reason of etc....	0
The white plastic cup was put inside a large cup and 100 Formosan subterranean termites were released inside the large cup.	There is no causality between The and cup..	1
The white plastic cup was put inside a large cup and 100 Formosan subterranean termites were released inside the large cup.	The is the reason of cup..	0
A "talented student" who kept a pistol locked in a safe at his Wolverhampton home has been sent to a young offenders institution.	There is no causality between A and institution..	1
A "talented student" who kept a pistol locked in a safe at his Wolverhampton home has been sent to a young offenders institution.	A is the reason of institution..	0
It pits Dolph's Nikolai Cherenko - a stoic, wordless, physical threat - against a cabal of unsavoury Russian gangsters.	There is no causality between It and gangsters..	1
It pits Dolph's Nikolai Cherenko - a stoic, wordless, physical threat - against a cabal of unsavoury Russian gangsters.	It is the reason of gangsters..	0
The covered Clamp style handles hold mop firmly between the jaws of the mop handle.	There is no causality between The and handle..	1
The covered Clamp style handles hold mop firmly between the jaws of the mop handle.	The is the reason of handle..	0
The discipline of political science revolves around government, public policy and ethics, foreign politics, law and judicial process.	There is no causality between The and process..	1
The discipline of political science revolves around government, public policy and ethics, foreign politics, law and judicial process.	The is the reason of process..	0
A giant asteroid, like the one shown in this artist's rendering, has thrown fiery debris into Earth's atmosphere.	There is no causality between A and atmosphere..	1
A giant asteroid, like the one shown in this artist's rendering, has thrown fiery debris into Earth's atmosphere.	A is the reason of atmosphere..	0
A newspaper consists of just the same number of words whether there be any news in it or not.	There is no causality between A and not..	1
A newspaper consists of just the same number of words whether there be any news in it or not.	A is the reason of not..	0
The ghosts in my house are mischievous, like little children.	There is no causality between The and children..	1
The ghosts in my house are mischievous, like little children.	The is the reason of children..	0
I have inserted a clock into the presentations.	There is no causality between I and presentations..	1
I have inserted a clock into the presentations.	I is the reason of presentations..	0
The farmer ploughed the fields with this 2-piece farm tractor.	There is no causality between The and tractor..	1
The farmer ploughed the fields with this 2-piece farm tractor.	The is the reason of tractor..	0
The bomb was discovered placed inside a rubbish bin.	There is no causality between The and bin..	1
The bomb was discovered placed inside a rubbish bin.	The is the reason of bin..	0
A child has been placed into foster care.	There is no causality between A and care..	1
A child has been placed into foster care.	A is the reason of care..	0
Recently, only insignificant things arrive to theatres.	There is no causality between Recently, and theatres..	1
Recently, only insignificant things arrive to theatres.	Recently, is the reason of theatres..	0
The muscularis of the stomach is thicker than that elsewhere.	There is no causality between The and elsewhere..	1
The muscularis of the stomach is thicker than that elsewhere.	The is the reason of elsewhere..	0
Proposals to simplify the university admissions process have been outlined at a conference of secondary school head teachers.	There is no causality between Proposals and teachers..	1
Proposals to simplify the university admissions process have been outlined at a conference of secondary school head teachers.	Proposals is the reason of teachers..	0
We use whole wheat flour almost exclusively, but the white whole wheat flour was a new thing.	There is no causality between We and thing..	1
We use whole wheat flour almost exclusively, but the white whole wheat flour was a new thing.	We is the reason of thing..	0
About 40 animals in a herd of 3050 swine herd  contracted the virus.	There is no causality between About and virus..	1
About 40 animals in a herd of 3050 swine herd  contracted the virus.	About is the reason of virus..	0
The fairy godmother turned a pumpkin into a coach, mice into horses, a rat into a coachman, and lizards into footmen.	There is no causality between The and footmen..	1
The fairy godmother turned a pumpkin into a coach, mice into horses, a rat into a coachman, and lizards into footmen.	The is the reason of footmen..	0
The book was misplaced into the wrong shelf.	There is no causality between The and shelf..	1
The book was misplaced into the wrong shelf.	The is the reason of shelf..	0
The county council runs courses covering a range of topics such as languages, astronomy and archaeology, with many offering qualifications.	There is no causality between The and qualifications..	1
The county council runs courses covering a range of topics such as languages, astronomy and archaeology, with many offering qualifications.	The is the reason of qualifications..	0
The pan-and-scan area  is what is shown when your television screen is full.	There is no causality between The and full..	1
The pan-and-scan area  is what is shown when your television screen is full.	The is the reason of full..	0
I remember one day many years ago sitting on the top of Braich-y-Pwll on the Llyn Peninsula watching a chattering of choughs performing an amazing set of aerodynamics in the updrafts of a winter storm.	There is no causality between I and storm..	1
I remember one day many years ago sitting on the top of Braich-y-Pwll on the Llyn Peninsula watching a chattering of choughs performing an amazing set of aerodynamics in the updrafts of a winter storm.	I is the reason of storm..	0
Pneumonia is an inflammation of the lungs caused by bacteria, viruses, or chemical irritants.	chemical irritants lead to an inflammation	1
Pneumonia is an inflammation of the lungs caused by bacteria, viruses, or chemical irritants.	an inflammation lead to chemical irritants	0
Our experience extends to 15 years continued promotion of this archipelago of nine islands.	There is no causality between Our and islands..	1
Our experience extends to 15 years continued promotion of this archipelago of nine islands.	Our is the reason of islands..	0
The detector module including a preamplifier was inside a laboratory oven.	There is no causality between The and oven..	1
The detector module including a preamplifier was inside a laboratory oven.	The is the reason of oven..	0
The Cornish Pirates have signed a declaration to tackle climate change as part of their commitment to save energy and reduce their environmental footprint.	There is no causality between The and footprint..	1
The Cornish Pirates have signed a declaration to tackle climate change as part of their commitment to save energy and reduce their environmental footprint.	The is the reason of footprint..	0
Doctor saves boy with a drill.	There is no causality between Doctor and drill..	1
Doctor saves boy with a drill.	Doctor is the reason of drill..	0
The paperback pamphlet was put inside a binder, as shown below.	There is no causality between The and below..	1
The paperback pamphlet was put inside a binder, as shown below.	The is the reason of below..	0
Auto EQ is a powerful sound tuning feature which uses a microphone to monitor and analyse the acoustics inside the car.	There is no causality between Auto and car..	1
Auto EQ is a powerful sound tuning feature which uses a microphone to monitor and analyse the acoustics inside the car.	Auto is the reason of car..	0
The second man, who struck him with a paving stone, was accordingly discharged.	There is no causality between The and discharged..	1
The second man, who struck him with a paving stone, was accordingly discharged.	The is the reason of discharged..	0
Ships heading north and eastward across the North Atlantic stayed in the current.	There is no causality between Ships and current..	1
Ships heading north and eastward across the North Atlantic stayed in the current.	Ships is the reason of current..	0
It was in the lining of this jacket that he had managed to secrete the valuables of several villagers.	There is no causality between It and villagers..	1
It was in the lining of this jacket that he had managed to secrete the valuables of several villagers.	It is the reason of villagers..	0
Fatty acid and phospholipid chlorohydrins cause cell stress and endothelial adhesion.	phospholipid chlorohydrins instigated by endothelial adhesion	1
Fatty acid and phospholipid chlorohydrins cause cell stress and endothelial adhesion.	endothelial adhesion instigated by phospholipid chlorohydrins	0
The aim of this study was the measurement of the intensity and circumstances of drug use.	There is no causality between The and use..	1
The aim of this study was the measurement of the intensity and circumstances of drug use.	The is the reason of use..	0
Officials in the Northern Chinese province of Inner Mongolia have mobilized 33,000 people to stop a swarm of locusts 267 miles outside of Beijing.	There is no causality between Officials and Beijing..	1
Officials in the Northern Chinese province of Inner Mongolia have mobilized 33,000 people to stop a swarm of locusts 267 miles outside of Beijing.	Officials is the reason of Beijing..	0
In the same way that diet and stress effect facial acne they also effect body acne therefore the basic "clear skin rules" of cutting out greasy, fatty foods, and sugary foods as well as trying to reduce everyday stress apply to body acne as well.	stress cause body acne	1
In the same way that diet and stress effect facial acne they also effect body acne therefore the basic "clear skin rules" of cutting out greasy, fatty foods, and sugary foods as well as trying to reduce everyday stress apply to body acne as well.	body acne cause stress	0
The stethoscope lets the doctor hear your heartbeat and the way your lungs sound.	There is no causality between The and sound..	1
The stethoscope lets the doctor hear your heartbeat and the way your lungs sound.	The is the reason of sound..	0
A V8 engine mated with a manual transmission powers the convertible concept.	There is no causality between A and concept..	1
A V8 engine mated with a manual transmission powers the convertible concept.	A is the reason of concept..	0
To pass the time, he put a penny into two different coin-operated weight machines and got readings of 106 pounds and 200 pounds.	There is no causality between To and pounds..	1
To pass the time, he put a penny into two different coin-operated weight machines and got readings of 106 pounds and 200 pounds.	To is the reason of pounds..	0
The young man's cocktail flew into the running ceiling fan.	There is no causality between The and fan..	1
The young man's cocktail flew into the running ceiling fan.	The is the reason of fan..	0
Six members of one of Mexico's most active drug gangs, including someone accused of being the organization's bookkeeper, were arrested this week.	There is no causality between Six and week..	1
Six members of one of Mexico's most active drug gangs, including someone accused of being the organization's bookkeeper, were arrested this week.	Six is the reason of week..	0
The hands of the clock are stainless steel tubing: the hour hand is 14.5 ft, the minute hand 17.5 ft and the second hand 21 ft long.	There is no causality between The and long..	1
The hands of the clock are stainless steel tubing: the hour hand is 14.5 ft, the minute hand 17.5 ft and the second hand 21 ft long.	The is the reason of long..	0
We hold the magnesium ribbon in tongs, and place one end in a Bunsen burner flame.	There is no causality between We and flame..	1
We hold the magnesium ribbon in tongs, and place one end in a Bunsen burner flame.	We is the reason of flame..	0
The Earth's thin, rocky crust is composed of silicon, aluminum, calcium, sodium and potassium.	There is no causality between The and potassium..	1
The Earth's thin, rocky crust is composed of silicon, aluminum, calcium, sodium and potassium.	The is the reason of potassium..	0
Only domestic flights are landing into this airport.	There is no causality between Only and airport..	1
Only domestic flights are landing into this airport.	Only is the reason of airport..	0
The slow suffocation of the cells swiftly cause unconsciousness and shock, soon followed by death.	The slow suffocation from shock	1
The slow suffocation of the cells swiftly cause unconsciousness and shock, soon followed by death.	shock from The slow suffocation	0
The senator also wielded enormous influence in the dispensing of Rhode Island's share of expanding federal budgets of the 1950s and 1960s.	There is no causality between The and 1960s..	1
The senator also wielded enormous influence in the dispensing of Rhode Island's share of expanding federal budgets of the 1950s and 1960s.	The is the reason of 1960s..	0
Obsessed with the music of JS Bach, the clown tends to find frequent analogies with the German composer's music.	There is no causality between Obsessed and music..	1
Obsessed with the music of JS Bach, the clown tends to find frequent analogies with the German composer's music.	Obsessed is the reason of music..	0
A teacher writes a whole number less than 50000 on the blackboard.	There is no causality between A and blackboard..	1
A teacher writes a whole number less than 50000 on the blackboard.	A is the reason of blackboard..	0
Dioxide has been released into the atmosphere.	There is no causality between Dioxide and atmosphere..	1
Dioxide has been released into the atmosphere.	Dioxide is the reason of atmosphere..	0
The bomb was delivered to the unsuspected victims.	There is no causality between The and victims..	1
The bomb was delivered to the unsuspected victims.	The is the reason of victims..	0
Breuer chairs a phalanx of high-flying artists in a family saga.	There is no causality between Breuer and saga..	1
Breuer chairs a phalanx of high-flying artists in a family saga.	Breuer is the reason of saga..	0
The funds are invested into renewable energy schemes.	There is no causality between The and schemes..	1
The funds are invested into renewable energy schemes.	The is the reason of schemes..	0
A file photo shows a microlight pilot flying with geese.	There is no causality between A and geese..	1
A file photo shows a microlight pilot flying with geese.	A is the reason of geese..	0
Angela works with authors who've completed a nonfiction book, and also with authors who are just in the planning stages.	There is no causality between Angela and stages..	1
Angela works with authors who've completed a nonfiction book, and also with authors who are just in the planning stages.	Angela is the reason of stages..	0
The only ginger I had was in a jar, so I put a heaping teaspoon in.	There is no causality between The and in..	1
The only ginger I had was in a jar, so I put a heaping teaspoon in.	The is the reason of in..	0
The child collected names on a petition and wrote to the Premier.	There is no causality between The and Premier..	1
The child collected names on a petition and wrote to the Premier.	The is the reason of Premier..	0
It covers the basic concepts in a clean and slick tutorial.	There is no causality between It and tutorial..	1
It covers the basic concepts in a clean and slick tutorial.	It is the reason of tutorial..	0
Viruses that cause respiratory illness typically are capable of causing a range of clinical manifestations, and asymptomatic infections are possible.	Viruses instigated by asymptomatic infections	1
Viruses that cause respiratory illness typically are capable of causing a range of clinical manifestations, and asymptomatic infections are possible.	asymptomatic infections instigated by Viruses	0
The venter encloses a venter canal cell and an egg cell.	There is no causality between The and cell..	1
The venter encloses a venter canal cell and an egg cell.	The is the reason of cell..	0
However, Greg saw people inside and went to the front entrance of the palace and was able to use enough Russian to communicate with the guide and get permission to buy our tickets without waiting to come inside for a tour.	There is no causality between However, and tour..	1
However, Greg saw people inside and went to the front entrance of the palace and was able to use enough Russian to communicate with the guide and get permission to buy our tickets without waiting to come inside for a tour.	However, is the reason of tour..	0
A debtor gets liens released on personal household possessions for much less than the underlying debt on those secured possessions with redemption.	There is no causality between A and redemption..	1
A debtor gets liens released on personal household possessions for much less than the underlying debt on those secured possessions with redemption.	A is the reason of redemption..	0
Another important data structure - the heap - has already been introduced in the previous chapter.	There is no causality between Another and chapter..	1
Another important data structure - the heap - has already been introduced in the previous chapter.	Another is the reason of chapter..	0
So, it is quite possible for "nonviolence" and "grave violence" to slip back and forth in the mouth of the same person.	There is no causality between So, and person..	1
So, it is quite possible for "nonviolence" and "grave violence" to slip back and forth in the mouth of the same person.	So, is the reason of person..	0
A woman applies the patch to the skin of her abdomen or buttock for three and a half weeks.	There is no causality between A and weeks..	1
A woman applies the patch to the skin of her abdomen or buttock for three and a half weeks.	A is the reason of weeks..	0
The author identifies the Piper with the devil.	There is no causality between The and devil..	1
The author identifies the Piper with the devil.	The is the reason of devil..	0
The EU inserted experts into the national defence.	There is no causality between The and defence..	1
The EU inserted experts into the national defence.	The is the reason of defence..	0
This particular elliptical machine has a dual grip heart rate monitor so that when you get the Power Intensity Ramp on full stride you can keep track of how your heart is reacting to your workout.	There is no causality between This and workout..	1
This particular elliptical machine has a dual grip heart rate monitor so that when you get the Power Intensity Ramp on full stride you can keep track of how your heart is reacting to your workout.	This is the reason of workout..	0
Nails grow out of deep folds in the skin of the fingers and toes.	There is no causality between Nails and toes..	1
Nails grow out of deep folds in the skin of the fingers and toes.	Nails is the reason of toes..	0
In this strategy we set out the main issues, priorities and tasks.	There is no causality between In and tasks..	1
In this strategy we set out the main issues, priorities and tasks.	In is the reason of tasks..	0
The older people have been moving into new homes.	There is no causality between The and homes..	1
The older people have been moving into new homes.	The is the reason of homes..	0
The three ship fleet of Columbus consisted of two ships known as caravels  and a larger ship which served as Columbus's flag ship.	There is no causality between The and ship..	1
The three ship fleet of Columbus consisted of two ships known as caravels  and a larger ship which served as Columbus's flag ship.	The is the reason of ship..	0
The prisoner has departed into captivity.	There is no causality between The and captivity..	1
The prisoner has departed into captivity.	The is the reason of captivity..	0
It is a medieval Latin manuscript relating the early history of the Isle of Man.	There is no causality between It and Man..	1
It is a medieval Latin manuscript relating the early history of the Isle of Man.	It is the reason of Man..	0
The painting was in a trunk next to the bed.	There is no causality between The and bed..	1
The painting was in a trunk next to the bed.	The is the reason of bed..	0
Vinton  Cerf, along with Robert Kahn, is co-designer of the TCP/IP Internet network protocol.	There is no causality between Vinton and protocol..	1
Vinton  Cerf, along with Robert Kahn, is co-designer of the TCP/IP Internet network protocol.	Vinton is the reason of protocol..	0
They left one weapon, a gun that was locked in a safe, and have since returned two others.	There is no causality between They and others..	1
They left one weapon, a gun that was locked in a safe, and have since returned two others.	They is the reason of others..	0
Questions about Pullman's plans for new His Dark Materials' books reveal that the author has just finished a short book.	There is no causality between Questions and book..	1
Questions about Pullman's plans for new His Dark Materials' books reveal that the author has just finished a short book.	Questions is the reason of book..	0
El Salvador prison officials have detained a woman who was caught trying to smuggle a military grenade hidden inside a canister in her vagina during a jail visit.	There is no causality between El and visit..	1
El Salvador prison officials have detained a woman who was caught trying to smuggle a military grenade hidden inside a canister in her vagina during a jail visit.	El is the reason of visit..	0
The second dancer has added rhythm into his dance.	There is no causality between The and dance..	1
The second dancer has added rhythm into his dance.	The is the reason of dance..	0
In the beginning, the yarn was stored in plastic Ikea bins.	There is no causality between In and bins..	1
In the beginning, the yarn was stored in plastic Ikea bins.	In is the reason of bins..	0
The average year round temperature in Denia is 18' centigrade, so the locals have put up a monument to the weather.	There is no causality between The and weather..	1
The average year round temperature in Denia is 18' centigrade, so the locals have put up a monument to the weather.	The is the reason of weather..	0
The winery includes gardens.	There is no causality between The and gardens..	1
The winery includes gardens.	The is the reason of gardens..	0
We removed the sharp items into the plastic bag.	There is no causality between We and bag..	1
We removed the sharp items into the plastic bag.	We is the reason of bag..	0
As per traditional Indian thinking, seeing a brood of chickens along with a hen is a bad omen.	There is no causality between As and omen..	1
As per traditional Indian thinking, seeing a brood of chickens along with a hen is a bad omen.	As is the reason of omen..	0
As we were leaving the house, we found a suitcase with three or four Jordanian passports in it, clothes, and hygiene gear.	There is no causality between As and gear..	1
As we were leaving the house, we found a suitcase with three or four Jordanian passports in it, clothes, and hygiene gear.	As is the reason of gear..	0
The item is engraved with the English author's initials.	There is no causality between The and initials..	1
The item is engraved with the English author's initials.	The is the reason of initials..	0
I hold the stocks in an individual retirement account.	There is no causality between I and account..	1
I hold the stocks in an individual retirement account.	I is the reason of account..	0
The approved fireworks exhibition rules involve stricter display guidelines.	There is no causality between The and guidelines..	1
The approved fireworks exhibition rules involve stricter display guidelines.	The is the reason of guidelines..	0
Yesterday a big huge beautiful orange butterfly flew into my patio.	There is no causality between Yesterday and patio..	1
Yesterday a big huge beautiful orange butterfly flew into my patio.	Yesterday is the reason of patio..	0
The Nhibitor protein is transported into the mitochondria.	There is no causality between The and mitochondria..	1
The Nhibitor protein is transported into the mitochondria.	The is the reason of mitochondria..	0
The citizenship and connection to Britain and Italy is shown in parentheses.	There is no causality between The and parentheses..	1
The citizenship and connection to Britain and Italy is shown in parentheses.	The is the reason of parentheses..	0
Four deployed Holloman airmen ran into their former Holloman command chief recently.	There is no causality between Four and recently..	1
Four deployed Holloman airmen ran into their former Holloman command chief recently.	Four is the reason of recently..	0
The wafers are shipped to sites for probing.	There is no causality between The and probing..	1
The wafers are shipped to sites for probing.	The is the reason of probing..	0
Viral DNA forms in the livers of ducks transfected with mutant genomes.	There is no causality between Viral and genomes..	1
Viral DNA forms in the livers of ducks transfected with mutant genomes.	Viral is the reason of genomes..	0
Bernanke is featured on the cover of the magazine that hits stores Friday.	There is no causality between Bernanke and Friday..	1
Bernanke is featured on the cover of the magazine that hits stores Friday.	Bernanke is the reason of Friday..	0
I lost a suitcase with money in it last week.	There is no causality between I and week..	1
I lost a suitcase with money in it last week.	I is the reason of week..	0
He works as an accounts manager for a luxury housing developer.	There is no causality between He and developer..	1
He works as an accounts manager for a luxury housing developer.	He is the reason of developer..	0
The Earth was the center of the universe, and the sky was enclosed in a dome.	There is no causality between The and dome..	1
The Earth was the center of the universe, and the sky was enclosed in a dome.	The is the reason of dome..	0
This included writing an account of their character and a speech on the subject of child labour.	There is no causality between This and labour..	1
This included writing an account of their character and a speech on the subject of child labour.	This is the reason of labour..	0
Some comments from readers highlight the frustration and inconvenience caused by the 3-pin system.	the 3-pin system caused by inconvenience	1
Some comments from readers highlight the frustration and inconvenience caused by the 3-pin system.	inconvenience caused by the 3-pin system	0
This bag was in a bin with other santa bags .	There is no causality between This and ..	1
This bag was in a bin with other santa bags .	This is the reason of ..	0
The Civil Rights Hero award was bestowed to a disability rights activist.	There is no causality between The and activist..	1
The Civil Rights Hero award was bestowed to a disability rights activist.	The is the reason of activist..	0
His niece moved into this apartment last month.	There is no causality between His and month..	1
His niece moved into this apartment last month.	His is the reason of month..	0
Holding firmly onto the stick of the plunger, plant the mouth of it over the toilet hole.	There is no causality between Holding and hole..	1
Holding firmly onto the stick of the plunger, plant the mouth of it over the toilet hole.	Holding is the reason of hole..	0
Since last weekend, it has imported chocolate into that market.	There is no causality between Since and market..	1
Since last weekend, it has imported chocolate into that market.	Since is the reason of market..	0
I grew up with milk in a sack.	There is no causality between I and sack..	1
I grew up with milk in a sack.	I is the reason of sack..	0
This music CD was misplaced into the wrong folder.	There is no causality between This and folder..	1
This music CD was misplaced into the wrong folder.	This is the reason of folder..	0
The riot resulted in the deaths of 196 people, and led to a major reform in the country's economic policy favouring the Malays.	The riot was radiating from a major reform	1
The riot resulted in the deaths of 196 people, and led to a major reform in the country's economic policy favouring the Malays.	a major reform was radiating from The riot	0
The influence of hole shape on extraordinary optical transmission was investigated using hole arrays consisting of rectangular holes with different aspect ratios.	There is no causality between The and ratios..	1
The influence of hole shape on extraordinary optical transmission was investigated using hole arrays consisting of rectangular holes with different aspect ratios.	The is the reason of ratios..	0
There has been intense debate over the circles' origins.	There is no causality between There and origins..	1
There has been intense debate over the circles' origins.	There is the reason of origins..	0
Charles Beauregard is still working for Intelligence and hears about the Red Baron flying ace and his circus of vampire fighters.	There is no causality between Charles and fighters..	1
Charles Beauregard is still working for Intelligence and hears about the Red Baron flying ace and his circus of vampire fighters.	Charles is the reason of fighters..	0
The rod of the damper passes thru the main stem, so you need to have a top nut with a hole in it .	There is no causality between The and ..	1
The rod of the damper passes thru the main stem, so you need to have a top nut with a hole in it .	The is the reason of ..	0
Baking soda safely tackles kitchen jobs above and beyond the legendary box at the back of the refrigerator.	There is no causality between Baking and refrigerator..	1
Baking soda safely tackles kitchen jobs above and beyond the legendary box at the back of the refrigerator.	Baking is the reason of refrigerator..	0
The body of her nephew was in a suitcase under the bed.	There is no causality between The and bed..	1
The body of her nephew was in a suitcase under the bed.	The is the reason of bed..	0
Other non-native species used in aquaculture are brook trout  and lake trout , fishes that mainly has been farmed for stocking purposes.	There is no causality between Other and purposes..	1
Other non-native species used in aquaculture are brook trout  and lake trout , fishes that mainly has been farmed for stocking purposes.	Other is the reason of purposes..	0
The economic setbacks of 1893 had created unemployment and poverty which caused migration in search of new opportunities.	poverty instigated by migration	1
The economic setbacks of 1893 had created unemployment and poverty which caused migration in search of new opportunities.	migration instigated by poverty	0
The unions are moving into politics.	There is no causality between The and politics..	1
The unions are moving into politics.	The is the reason of politics..	0
In a shocking incident, the body of a 10-year-old school boy, a resident of Jaylal Munshi Ka Rasta in Nahargarh area, was found in a sack with his mouth glued with feviquick on the railway tracks near Chanani Railway Station in Niwai area of Tonk district on Thursday evening.	There is no causality between In and evening..	1
In a shocking incident, the body of a 10-year-old school boy, a resident of Jaylal Munshi Ka Rasta in Nahargarh area, was found in a sack with his mouth glued with feviquick on the railway tracks near Chanani Railway Station in Niwai area of Tonk district on Thursday evening.	In is the reason of evening..	0
Conference deals with nuclear safety, environmental issues.	There is no causality between Conference and issues..	1
Conference deals with nuclear safety, environmental issues.	Conference is the reason of issues..	0
Even in its harshest moments, the guitars sound like a chorus of fuzzed-out angels.	There is no causality between Even and angels..	1
Even in its harshest moments, the guitars sound like a chorus of fuzzed-out angels.	Even is the reason of angels..	0
When the photographer took pictures with the filter attached the images looked flat with a glare that covered the entire image.	There is no causality between When and image..	1
When the photographer took pictures with the filter attached the images looked flat with a glare that covered the entire image.	When is the reason of image..	0
The patient was stabbed or stuck with a sharp pencil point.	There is no causality between The and point..	1
The patient was stabbed or stuck with a sharp pencil point.	The is the reason of point..	0
The introduction in the book is a summary of what is in the text.	There is no causality between The and text..	1
The introduction in the book is a summary of what is in the text.	The is the reason of text..	0
Cox examined the current financial regulatory structure and pointed towards its very immediate potential in a speech before the conference.	There is no causality between Cox and conference..	1
Cox examined the current financial regulatory structure and pointed towards its very immediate potential in a speech before the conference.	Cox is the reason of conference..	0
We are a petroleum and petrochemical company.	There is no causality between We and company..	1
We are a petroleum and petrochemical company.	We is the reason of company..	0
When these fuels are burned, they create air pollution that contributes to global warming and causes smog, acid rain and respiratory disease.	air pollution from respiratory disease	1
When these fuels are burned, they create air pollution that contributes to global warming and causes smog, acid rain and respiratory disease.	respiratory disease from air pollution	0
The mentality is since oil and bacteria cause acne, I'll just remove the oil off my face and kill the bacteria.	bacteria instigated by acne	1
The mentality is since oil and bacteria cause acne, I'll just remove the oil off my face and kill the bacteria.	acne instigated by bacteria	0
I recently decided to work a bit outside of Visual Studio and configure a plain text editor to work with the C# compiler.	There is no causality between I and compiler..	1
I recently decided to work a bit outside of Visual Studio and configure a plain text editor to work with the C# compiler.	I is the reason of compiler..	0
In particular, the system convinced the jury with its advanced speech recognition module and a successful dialog.	There is no causality between In and dialog..	1
In particular, the system convinced the jury with its advanced speech recognition module and a successful dialog.	In is the reason of dialog..	0
The ring unleashes its own power in the struggle.	There is no causality between The and struggle..	1
The ring unleashes its own power in the struggle.	The is the reason of struggle..	0
The opening angle of the Cherenkov cone measures the velocity with a resolution of 0.2%.	There is no causality between The and 0.2%..	1
The opening angle of the Cherenkov cone measures the velocity with a resolution of 0.2%.	The is the reason of 0.2%..	0
As people discovered that debt and overconsumption cause stress to families, the planet, and each of us, many turned instead to friends.	overconsumption instigated by stress	1
As people discovered that debt and overconsumption cause stress to families, the planet, and each of us, many turned instead to friends.	stress instigated by overconsumption	0
The workers poured concrete into the three new stepped piers.	There is no causality between The and piers..	1
The workers poured concrete into the three new stepped piers.	The is the reason of piers..	0
My flight arrived at the usual gate.	There is no causality between My and gate..	1
My flight arrived at the usual gate.	My is the reason of gate..	0
He remembers their shared past - childhood, school, the war years and those which followed - until 1956 when the girl left her native country.	There is no causality between He and country..	1
He remembers their shared past - childhood, school, the war years and those which followed - until 1956 when the girl left her native country.	He is the reason of country..	0
User-edited article about Salmonellosis, the infection caused by Salmonella bacteria, leading to diarrhea, fever, vomiting, and abdominal cramps.	Salmonella bacteria cause the infection	1
User-edited article about Salmonellosis, the infection caused by Salmonella bacteria, leading to diarrhea, fever, vomiting, and abdominal cramps.	the infection cause Salmonella bacteria	0
At the entrance to the farm is the gardenhouse, the heart of the community Supported garden at Genesis Farm.	There is no causality between At and Farm..	1
At the entrance to the farm is the gardenhouse, the heart of the community Supported garden at Genesis Farm.	At is the reason of Farm..	0
Te Kanawa, a chief of Waikato, was the man who fell in with a troop of fairies upon the top of Puke-more, a high hill in the Waikato district.	There is no causality between Te and district..	1
Te Kanawa, a chief of Waikato, was the man who fell in with a troop of fairies upon the top of Puke-more, a high hill in the Waikato district.	Te is the reason of district..	0
As he was mulling over his options, the front door of the cottage opened and someone stepped out.	There is no causality between As and out..	1
As he was mulling over his options, the front door of the cottage opened and someone stepped out.	As is the reason of out..	0
The mood inside the car was very quiet as the couple continued home and went to bed.	There is no causality between The and bed..	1
The mood inside the car was very quiet as the couple continued home and went to bed.	The is the reason of bed..	0
He changed perspective cricketers view, on role of wicket keeper in the team.	There is no causality between He and team..	1
He changed perspective cricketers view, on role of wicket keeper in the team.	He is the reason of team..	0
It is exciting to see the windsurfers conquer the water body with their impressive control and skills.	There is no causality between It and skills..	1
It is exciting to see the windsurfers conquer the water body with their impressive control and skills.	It is the reason of skills..	0
This easy mushroom sauce is delicious with steak.	There is no causality between This and steak..	1
This easy mushroom sauce is delicious with steak.	This is the reason of steak..	0
The artists carve away the surface with a chisel.	There is no causality between The and chisel..	1
The artists carve away the surface with a chisel.	The is the reason of chisel..	0
Daborne's play is also about a historic person, the pirate Ward, famous in England at the time of its writing.	There is no causality between Daborne's and writing..	1
Daborne's play is also about a historic person, the pirate Ward, famous in England at the time of its writing.	Daborne's is the reason of writing..	0
Governments and industries in nations around the world are pouring billions into nanotechnology.	There is no causality between Governments and nanotechnology..	1
Governments and industries in nations around the world are pouring billions into nanotechnology.	Governments is the reason of nanotechnology..	0
This module is part of the Virtual Geography department project and has been prepared for the Physical Geography Working Group of the Project.	There is no causality between This and Project..	1
This module is part of the Virtual Geography department project and has been prepared for the Physical Geography Working Group of the Project.	This is the reason of Project..	0
A maze of interlocking jurisdictions and levels of government confronts average citizens in trying to solve even the simplest of problems.	There is no causality between A and problems..	1
A maze of interlocking jurisdictions and levels of government confronts average citizens in trying to solve even the simplest of problems.	A is the reason of problems..	0
They shared a love of Richard Wagner and were regulars at the annual Bayreuth festival held to celebrate the composer's works.	There is no causality between They and works..	1
They shared a love of Richard Wagner and were regulars at the annual Bayreuth festival held to celebrate the composer's works.	They is the reason of works..	0
They are storing the solution in a non-food refrigerator to avoid degradation and transfer what is immediately needed to a spray bottle for manual cleaning.	There is no causality between They and cleaning..	1
They are storing the solution in a non-food refrigerator to avoid degradation and transfer what is immediately needed to a spray bottle for manual cleaning.	They is the reason of cleaning..	0
The company sent floral bouquets to a city in Ireland.	There is no causality between The and Ireland..	1
The company sent floral bouquets to a city in Ireland.	The is the reason of Ireland..	0
Anderson is regarded as one of the most able and articulate members of Congress, but he has a voting record that is anathema to most other congressmen in his party.	There is no causality between Anderson and party..	1
Anderson is regarded as one of the most able and articulate members of Congress, but he has a voting record that is anathema to most other congressmen in his party.	Anderson is the reason of party..	0
And you thought a dentist with a drill was scary.	There is no causality between And and scary..	1
And you thought a dentist with a drill was scary.	And is the reason of scary..	0
The health professional uses a lamp during the test.	There is no causality between The and test..	1
The health professional uses a lamp during the test.	The is the reason of test..	0
Of the situation in the fifteenth century, Parkes remarks: 'The mass of the people cultivated the land'.	There is no causality between Of and land'..	1
Of the situation in the fifteenth century, Parkes remarks: 'The mass of the people cultivated the land'.	Of is the reason of land'..	0
The scientist approached the big cat with a notepad and a pencil in her hands.	There is no causality between The and hands..	1
The scientist approached the big cat with a notepad and a pencil in her hands.	The is the reason of hands..	0
The punks carefully chose objects to be used in a nihilistic approach to style.	There is no causality between The and style..	1
The punks carefully chose objects to be used in a nihilistic approach to style.	The is the reason of style..	0
At police headquarters, the list of hidden initials was forgotten locked in a safe in the office of the squad's boss.	There is no causality between At and boss..	1
At police headquarters, the list of hidden initials was forgotten locked in a safe in the office of the squad's boss.	At is the reason of boss..	0
The actress willingly moved into a rehabilitation center in California.	There is no causality between The and California..	1
The actress willingly moved into a rehabilitation center in California.	The is the reason of California..	0
Children in rural Southern areas fell into poverty faster than those in cities in 2008.	There is no causality between Children and 2008..	1
Children in rural Southern areas fell into poverty faster than those in cities in 2008.	Children is the reason of 2008..	0
The organizers of the retreat near Lake Placid threw together a group of people on a hunch.	There is no causality between The and hunch..	1
The organizers of the retreat near Lake Placid threw together a group of people on a hunch.	The is the reason of hunch..	0
This study presents a comprehensive methodology for calculating the cost to society of various criminal acts.	There is no causality between This and acts..	1
This study presents a comprehensive methodology for calculating the cost to society of various criminal acts.	This is the reason of acts..	0
However, only 20 research articles were identified on the topic of health promotion at retirement.	There is no causality between However, and retirement..	1
However, only 20 research articles were identified on the topic of health promotion at retirement.	However, is the reason of retirement..	0
The axis of the drive wheel of the internal Geneva drive haves a bearing only on one side.	There is no causality between The and side..	1
The axis of the drive wheel of the internal Geneva drive haves a bearing only on one side.	The is the reason of side..	0
Peters's pain and symptoms were caused by the automobile accident.	the automobile accident caused by symptoms	1
Peters's pain and symptoms were caused by the automobile accident.	symptoms caused by the automobile accident	0
The prisoner has been released into her new family.	There is no causality between The and family..	1
The prisoner has been released into her new family.	The is the reason of family..	0
The new armored casemate fitted on the hull enclosed a 15 cm howitzer.	There is no causality between The and howitzer..	1
The new armored casemate fitted on the hull enclosed a 15 cm howitzer.	The is the reason of howitzer..	0
Gee's Bend men and women grew cotton, peanuts, okra, corn, peas and potatoes.	There is no causality between Gee's and potatoes..	1
Gee's Bend men and women grew cotton, peanuts, okra, corn, peas and potatoes.	Gee's is the reason of potatoes..	0
The major phytochemical constitutes of the plant are elephantopin, triterpenes, stigmasterol epifriedelinol and lupeol.	There is no causality between The and lupeol..	1
The major phytochemical constitutes of the plant are elephantopin, triterpenes, stigmasterol epifriedelinol and lupeol.	The is the reason of lupeol..	0
Stanford researchers have coated paper with carbon nanotubes and silver nanowires to serve as electricity storage devices.	There is no causality between Stanford and devices..	1
Stanford researchers have coated paper with carbon nanotubes and silver nanowires to serve as electricity storage devices.	Stanford is the reason of devices..	0
The money was invested into stocks.	There is no causality between The and stocks..	1
The money was invested into stocks.	The is the reason of stocks..	0
The marshes have been drained into the farms.	There is no causality between The and farms..	1
The marshes have been drained into the farms.	The is the reason of farms..	0
The suspect dumped the dead body into a local reservoir.	There is no causality between The and reservoir..	1
The suspect dumped the dead body into a local reservoir.	The is the reason of reservoir..	0
The book was in a trunk full of documents handed over to the archive.	There is no causality between The and archive..	1
The book was in a trunk full of documents handed over to the archive.	The is the reason of archive..	0
The dancer has arrived into the studio.	There is no causality between The and studio..	1
The dancer has arrived into the studio.	The is the reason of studio..	0
The bomb was hidden in a handcart near the Mar Toma Church, also known as Church of St. Thomas, in the city of Mosul.	There is no causality between The and Mosul..	1
The bomb was hidden in a handcart near the Mar Toma Church, also known as Church of St. Thomas, in the city of Mosul.	The is the reason of Mosul..	0
The doctors, who are behind the motion being discussed at the conference, are unhappy about the guidance that has been issued.	There is no causality between The and issued..	1
The doctors, who are behind the motion being discussed at the conference, are unhappy about the guidance that has been issued.	The is the reason of issued..	0
A test payment was put into my bank account on October 13th.	There is no causality between A and 13th..	1
A test payment was put into my bank account on October 13th.	A is the reason of 13th..	0
Disposed perchlorate-based products have released perchlorate into the soil.	There is no causality between Disposed and soil..	1
Disposed perchlorate-based products have released perchlorate into the soil.	Disposed is the reason of soil..	0
The paste was put inside a wrap which reminded me of a Chinese mu-shu wrapper.	There is no causality between The and wrapper..	1
The paste was put inside a wrap which reminded me of a Chinese mu-shu wrapper.	The is the reason of wrapper..	0
A man threw a child into an outlet.	There is no causality between A and outlet..	1
A man threw a child into an outlet.	A is the reason of outlet..	0
Putting a first time learner in the driver's seat of a car is a scary proposition.	There is no causality between Putting and proposition..	1
Putting a first time learner in the driver's seat of a car is a scary proposition.	Putting is the reason of proposition..	0
The infamous teacher has been dragged into another child abuse case.	There is no causality between The and case..	1
The infamous teacher has been dragged into another child abuse case.	The is the reason of case..	0
The fat migrated into enrobing chocolate.	There is no causality between The and chocolate..	1
The fat migrated into enrobing chocolate.	The is the reason of chocolate..	0
The Republican Party of Pennsylvania has a strong slate of endorsed judicial candidates running for statewide office.	There is no causality between The and office..	1
The Republican Party of Pennsylvania has a strong slate of endorsed judicial candidates running for statewide office.	The is the reason of office..	0
Audiences are dragged into Troi's counseling sessions.	There is no causality between Audiences and sessions..	1
Audiences are dragged into Troi's counseling sessions.	Audiences is the reason of sessions..	0
Genuine joy comes from profound spiritual awareness on life and an absolute clarity of direction, living for a purpose.	an absolute clarity cause Genuine joy	1
Genuine joy comes from profound spiritual awareness on life and an absolute clarity of direction, living for a purpose.	Genuine joy cause an absolute clarity	0
Gordon Brown speech addresses the critics on UK immigration.	There is no causality between Gordon and immigration..	1
Gordon Brown speech addresses the critics on UK immigration.	Gordon is the reason of immigration..	0
A shirtless farmer toils to plow the soil with a hand-cultivator while his wife quietly follows with seeds for the freshly turned earth.	There is no causality between A and earth..	1
A shirtless farmer toils to plow the soil with a hand-cultivator while his wife quietly follows with seeds for the freshly turned earth.	A is the reason of earth..	0
It was a cloud of shrieking black bats that was attacking them.	There is no causality between It and them..	1
It was a cloud of shrieking black bats that was attacking them.	It is the reason of them..	0
He atached a handle to the upper part of a cable machine.	There is no causality between He and machine..	1
He atached a handle to the upper part of a cable machine.	He is the reason of machine..	0
When the layers have separated, the lower layer drained into a beaker; this phase is thrown away.	There is no causality between When and away..	1
When the layers have separated, the lower layer drained into a beaker; this phase is thrown away.	When is the reason of away..	0
I have a strawberry tea addiction.	There is no causality between I and addiction..	1
I have a strawberry tea addiction.	I is the reason of addiction..	0
This chapter shows how much Nova has accomplished earning the companionship of her teammates.	There is no causality between This and teammates..	1
This chapter shows how much Nova has accomplished earning the companionship of her teammates.	This is the reason of teammates..	0
Ultimately, a soldier joins the army and trains to fight.	There is no causality between Ultimately, and fight..	1
Ultimately, a soldier joins the army and trains to fight.	Ultimately, is the reason of fight..	0
The controller regulates the superheat using a double loop system.	There is no causality between The and system..	1
The controller regulates the superheat using a double loop system.	The is the reason of system..	0
The 18-year-old apparently took her life with her father's service gun, which was locked in a safe box.	There is no causality between The and box..	1
The 18-year-old apparently took her life with her father's service gun, which was locked in a safe box.	The is the reason of box..	0
It removes the hair to the precise contour of a perfectly shaped eyebrow.	There is no causality between It and eyebrow..	1
It removes the hair to the precise contour of a perfectly shaped eyebrow.	It is the reason of eyebrow..	0
Meanwhile the appellant had left the house.	There is no causality between Meanwhile and house..	1
Meanwhile the appellant had left the house.	Meanwhile is the reason of house..	0
Crime fiction is the genre of fiction that deals with crimes, their detection, criminals and their motives.	There is no causality between Crime and motives..	1
Crime fiction is the genre of fiction that deals with crimes, their detection, criminals and their motives.	Crime is the reason of motives..	0
Tyra Banks and mob of women took over the streets of Union Square Monday  in New York City as they "flash danced" for a taping of The Tyra Banks Show.	There is no causality between Tyra and Show..	1
Tyra Banks and mob of women took over the streets of Union Square Monday  in New York City as they "flash danced" for a taping of The Tyra Banks Show.	Tyra is the reason of Show..	0
The Sports Medical Committee has passed on the recommendation to the FIFA executive.	There is no causality between The and executive..	1
The Sports Medical Committee has passed on the recommendation to the FIFA executive.	The is the reason of executive..	0
Personality in poetry includes such things as style and rhythm.	There is no causality between Personality and rhythm..	1
Personality in poetry includes such things as style and rhythm.	Personality is the reason of rhythm..	0
The tiny image of the Renaissance master is hidden in a carafe of wine in his 1597 oil painting Bacchus, one of his most acclaimed works.	There is no causality between The and works..	1
The tiny image of the Renaissance master is hidden in a carafe of wine in his 1597 oil painting Bacchus, one of his most acclaimed works.	The is the reason of works..	0
Fair trade bananas have been imported into a few countries in Europe for decades.	There is no causality between Fair and decades..	1
Fair trade bananas have been imported into a few countries in Europe for decades.	Fair is the reason of decades..	0
They are just a nice bunch of guys.	There is no causality between They and guys..	1
They are just a nice bunch of guys.	They is the reason of guys..	0
Contractions of the diaphragm are caused by stimulation of the vagus nerve either by the brain or by irritation anywhere along the length of the nerve.	irritation cause Contractions	1
Contractions of the diaphragm are caused by stimulation of the vagus nerve either by the brain or by irritation anywhere along the length of the nerve.	Contractions cause irritation	0
These rules regulate human's behavior toward eachother and serve to maintain a sense of social unity.	There is no causality between These and unity..	1
These rules regulate human's behavior toward eachother and serve to maintain a sense of social unity.	These is the reason of unity..	0
The newsletter is published once a fortnight to keep families informed on school happenings.	There is no causality between The and happenings..	1
The newsletter is published once a fortnight to keep families informed on school happenings.	The is the reason of happenings..	0
It's very rewarding and I get a great deal of enjoyment and satisfaction from mentoring.	mentoring cause satisfaction	1
It's very rewarding and I get a great deal of enjoyment and satisfaction from mentoring.	satisfaction cause mentoring	0
Already in recent years, Iowa-raised swans have migrated into regions in Illinois near Savanna where they have had a successful nesting.	There is no causality between Already and nesting..	1
Already in recent years, Iowa-raised swans have migrated into regions in Illinois near Savanna where they have had a successful nesting.	Already is the reason of nesting..	0
The South China tigers are verging on the brink on extinction from hunting and deforestation, and these magestic animals are so close to being gone forever.	deforestation cause extinction	1
The South China tigers are verging on the brink on extinction from hunting and deforestation, and these magestic animals are so close to being gone forever.	extinction cause deforestation	0
NASA successfully dropped a probe into the designated area.	There is no causality between NASA and area..	1
NASA successfully dropped a probe into the designated area.	NASA is the reason of area..	0
Each day the workshop accommodated a few invited talks targeted towards generating discussions on open problems.	There is no causality between Each and problems..	1
Each day the workshop accommodated a few invited talks targeted towards generating discussions on open problems.	Each is the reason of problems..	0
On Saturday in California a suitcase was discovered inside a trash receptacle with a corpse stuffed inside of it.	There is no causality between On and it..	1
On Saturday in California a suitcase was discovered inside a trash receptacle with a corpse stuffed inside of it.	On is the reason of it..	0
The user holded the handle with one hand and used the other hand to rotate the crank of the fishing reel.	There is no causality between The and reel..	1
The user holded the handle with one hand and used the other hand to rotate the crank of the fishing reel.	The is the reason of reel..	0
The dead body of a British tourist was found tied in a sack with weights, stripped, and thrown into sea.	There is no causality between The and sea..	1
The dead body of a British tourist was found tied in a sack with weights, stripped, and thrown into sea.	The is the reason of sea..	0
The frontal cortex is a part of the brain that maintains very close ties with the limbic system.	There is no causality between The and system..	1
The frontal cortex is a part of the brain that maintains very close ties with the limbic system.	The is the reason of system..	0
The main product of the factory is white granulated sugar, which goes into industry with, for example, Coca Cola being one of the largest customers.	There is no causality between The and customers..	1
The main product of the factory is white granulated sugar, which goes into industry with, for example, Coca Cola being one of the largest customers.	The is the reason of customers..	0
Recently, a huge amount of commercial fish and shellfish have migrated to cooler water.	There is no causality between Recently, and water..	1
Recently, a huge amount of commercial fish and shellfish have migrated to cooler water.	Recently, is the reason of water..	0
The file is added to the directory.	There is no causality between The and directory..	1
The file is added to the directory.	The is the reason of directory..	0
Taking advantage of your seasonal obligation to buy stuff for people, the music industry unleashes its annual torrent of giftable crap.	There is no causality between Taking and crap..	1
Taking advantage of your seasonal obligation to buy stuff for people, the music industry unleashes its annual torrent of giftable crap.	Taking is the reason of crap..	0
Rumors have been leaked to the public.	There is no causality between Rumors and public..	1
Rumors have been leaked to the public.	Rumors is the reason of public..	0
The satellite has been placed into service.	There is no causality between The and service..	1
The satellite has been placed into service.	The is the reason of service..	0
The tapir hit the thick stem a few times with its hoof, tore off a piece of the bark and passed it to Tasurinchi.	There is no causality between The and Tasurinchi..	1
The tapir hit the thick stem a few times with its hoof, tore off a piece of the bark and passed it to Tasurinchi.	The is the reason of Tasurinchi..	0
My home is a part of homeowner's association.	There is no causality between My and association..	1
My home is a part of homeowner's association.	My is the reason of association..	0
The grower had to "Flip plow" the field with a modified moldboard.	There is no causality between The and moldboard..	1
The grower had to "Flip plow" the field with a modified moldboard.	The is the reason of moldboard..	0
The album was stored in a protective poly jacket and the vinyl was stored in an anti-static sleeve.	There is no causality between The and sleeve..	1
The album was stored in a protective poly jacket and the vinyl was stored in an anti-static sleeve.	The is the reason of sleeve..	0
Several chapters of the book are devoted to the relationships between ethics and justice.	There is no causality between Several and justice..	1
Several chapters of the book are devoted to the relationships between ethics and justice.	Several is the reason of justice..	0
The compiler assumes that the programmer passes an object to the method.	There is no causality between The and method..	1
The compiler assumes that the programmer passes an object to the method.	The is the reason of method..	0
That episode also reflected on the 1992 Los Angeles riots.	There is no causality between That and riots..	1
That episode also reflected on the 1992 Los Angeles riots.	That is the reason of riots..	0
16 HP onan engine blew oil into the air filter.	There is no causality between 16 and filter..	1
16 HP onan engine blew oil into the air filter.	16 is the reason of filter..	0
Guinea unions threaten junta with walkout.	There is no causality between Guinea and walkout..	1
Guinea unions threaten junta with walkout.	Guinea is the reason of walkout..	0
The tourist was taking a trip into the amazing jungle of Amazon.	There is no causality between The and Amazon..	1
The tourist was taking a trip into the amazing jungle of Amazon.	The is the reason of Amazon..	0
The data is still preliminary and comes with the caveats outlined in Mark's original e-mail.	There is no causality between The and e-mail..	1
The data is still preliminary and comes with the caveats outlined in Mark's original e-mail.	The is the reason of e-mail..	0
The SWAT team breaks open a 2nd-floor door with a battering ram.	There is no causality between The and ram..	1
The SWAT team breaks open a 2nd-floor door with a battering ram.	The is the reason of ram..	0
However, there are fish with lungs and fish without swim bladders.	There is no causality between However, and bladders..	1
However, there are fish with lungs and fish without swim bladders.	However, is the reason of bladders..	0
The aim of this paper is to present a model for the determination of the monetary values.	There is no causality between The and values..	1
The aim of this paper is to present a model for the determination of the monetary values.	The is the reason of values..	0
In a frantic midnight e-mail to colleagues, the bank's senior technology manager referred to the situation as an "unprecedented crisis.	There is no causality between In and crisis..	1
In a frantic midnight e-mail to colleagues, the bank's senior technology manager referred to the situation as an "unprecedented crisis.	In is the reason of crisis..	0
A talon is the claw of a bird of prey.	There is no causality between A and prey..	1
A talon is the claw of a bird of prey.	A is the reason of prey..	0
Another great sign was the wonderful aroma of freshly baked desserts and brewed coffee, and the display case was full of wonderful looking desserts.	There is no causality between Another and desserts..	1
Another great sign was the wonderful aroma of freshly baked desserts and brewed coffee, and the display case was full of wonderful looking desserts.	Another is the reason of desserts..	0
The porter passed on the licence to the wife and the daughter.	There is no causality between The and daughter..	1
The porter passed on the licence to the wife and the daughter.	The is the reason of daughter..	0
The orders are shipped to foreign countries using US postal service delivery.	There is no causality between The and delivery..	1
The orders are shipped to foreign countries using US postal service delivery.	The is the reason of delivery..	0
I have also had some aged maize spirits that they use for flavoring in their blends that tasted quite a bit like bourbon.	There is no causality between I and bourbon..	1
I have also had some aged maize spirits that they use for flavoring in their blends that tasted quite a bit like bourbon.	I is the reason of bourbon..	0
This website is dedicated to providing event details, guest book, class photos, rsvp, payment collection and trip planning information.	There is no causality between This and information..	1
This website is dedicated to providing event details, guest book, class photos, rsvp, payment collection and trip planning information.	This is the reason of information..	0
At the turn of each hour the pin of the wheel raises the hour wheel lever.	There is no causality between At and lever..	1
At the turn of each hour the pin of the wheel raises the hour wheel lever.	At is the reason of lever..	0
The casket has been moved into the mausoleum.	There is no causality between The and mausoleum..	1
The casket has been moved into the mausoleum.	The is the reason of mausoleum..	0
Tasheki was taking photographs at the encounter site when a bullet hit his jaw bone.	There is no causality between Tasheki and bone..	1
Tasheki was taking photographs at the encounter site when a bullet hit his jaw bone.	Tasheki is the reason of bone..	0
In the rainy season, the tap of the bucket shower is closed.	There is no causality between In and closed..	1
In the rainy season, the tap of the bucket shower is closed.	In is the reason of closed..	0
I am draining the wort into the fermenting bucket.	There is no causality between I and bucket..	1
I am draining the wort into the fermenting bucket.	I is the reason of bucket..	0
The smell was radiating from all directions, from every tree and branch.	branch cause The smell	1
The smell was radiating from all directions, from every tree and branch.	The smell cause branch	0
Microsoft has put a price of $250000 on the head of the creator of the Conficker internet worm.	There is no causality between Microsoft and worm..	1
Microsoft has put a price of $250000 on the head of the creator of the Conficker internet worm.	Microsoft is the reason of worm..	0
Some of the plot is based on real-life people and events.	There is no causality between Some and events..	1
Some of the plot is based on real-life people and events.	Some is the reason of events..	0
The man was travelling into neighboring countries without a permission.	There is no causality between The and permission..	1
The man was travelling into neighboring countries without a permission.	The is the reason of permission..	0
Two years ago, being a sugar company in india was a sweet proposition.	There is no causality between Two and proposition..	1
Two years ago, being a sugar company in india was a sweet proposition.	Two is the reason of proposition..	0
Zhao Guoxiang in his speech pointed out that this competition is an important measure for the cultivation of academic atmosphere.	There is no causality between Zhao and atmosphere..	1
Zhao Guoxiang in his speech pointed out that this competition is an important measure for the cultivation of academic atmosphere.	Zhao is the reason of atmosphere..	0
A request has been sent to the moderator.	There is no causality between A and moderator..	1
A request has been sent to the moderator.	A is the reason of moderator..	0
Rowan Berry Wine is a classic Ancient method to form a fruit wine based on rowan berries.	There is no causality between Rowan and berries..	1
Rowan Berry Wine is a classic Ancient method to form a fruit wine based on rowan berries.	Rowan is the reason of berries..	0
Yesterday I put on my largest pants, those pants that were in a box slated to go to Goodwill.	There is no causality between Yesterday and Goodwill..	1
Yesterday I put on my largest pants, those pants that were in a box slated to go to Goodwill.	Yesterday is the reason of Goodwill..	0
It is a reality series documenting the lives of teenagers.	There is no causality between It and teenagers..	1
It is a reality series documenting the lives of teenagers.	It is the reason of teenagers..	0
Since the chops were brown, the chef drained the drippings into the sauerkraut.	There is no causality between Since and sauerkraut..	1
Since the chops were brown, the chef drained the drippings into the sauerkraut.	Since is the reason of sauerkraut..	0
Difficult passages have been explained in footnotes.	There is no causality between Difficult and footnotes..	1
Difficult passages have been explained in footnotes.	Difficult is the reason of footnotes..	0
A simple DC motor has a coil of wire that can rotate in a magnetic field.	There is no causality between A and field..	1
A simple DC motor has a coil of wire that can rotate in a magnetic field.	A is the reason of field..	0
The programme begins with the UWI Venture competition which is opened to final year undergraduate students, graduate students and researchers at the UWI.	There is no causality between The and UWI..	1
The programme begins with the UWI Venture competition which is opened to final year undergraduate students, graduate students and researchers at the UWI.	The is the reason of UWI..	0
A greedy real estate developer has released toxins into the ocean.	There is no causality between A and ocean..	1
A greedy real estate developer has released toxins into the ocean.	A is the reason of ocean..	0
We derive a pair of optimal weights on the dollar in a currency basket to stabilize their trade balances for both of the countries.	There is no causality between We and countries..	1
We derive a pair of optimal weights on the dollar in a currency basket to stabilize their trade balances for both of the countries.	We is the reason of countries..	0
The concerns were related to property taxes, sewage systems, property values, and control of school districts.	There is no causality between The and districts..	1
The concerns were related to property taxes, sewage systems, property values, and control of school districts.	The is the reason of districts..	0
She lightly clicked the mouse button with her index finger.	There is no causality between She and finger..	1
She lightly clicked the mouse button with her index finger.	She is the reason of finger..	0
In another case, cocaine was hidden in cylinders on the bottom of a commercial vessel, a banana boat.	There is no causality between In and boat..	1
In another case, cocaine was hidden in cylinders on the bottom of a commercial vessel, a banana boat.	In is the reason of boat..	0
Royalty-free animal clipart picture of a sitting bulldog hanging his tongue out.	There is no causality between Royalty-free and out..	1
Royalty-free animal clipart picture of a sitting bulldog hanging his tongue out.	Royalty-free is the reason of out..	0
The wind pried with its stiff fingers at the very foundations.	There is no causality between The and foundations..	1
The wind pried with its stiff fingers at the very foundations.	The is the reason of foundations..	0
We store the information in a database in a secure environment at our data center.	There is no causality between We and center..	1
We store the information in a database in a secure environment at our data center.	We is the reason of center..	0
His body was inside a cupboard in the Jumeirah Carlton Tower Hotel in upmarket Knightsbridge.	There is no causality between His and Knightsbridge..	1
His body was inside a cupboard in the Jumeirah Carlton Tower Hotel in upmarket Knightsbridge.	His is the reason of Knightsbridge..	0
22 traditional dancing ensembles participated in the festival of Razlog.	There is no causality between 22 and Razlog..	1
22 traditional dancing ensembles participated in the festival of Razlog.	22 is the reason of Razlog..	0
We placed the buns into the steamer, leaving 1-2 inches between each bun.	There is no causality between We and bun..	1
We placed the buns into the steamer, leaving 1-2 inches between each bun.	We is the reason of bun..	0
A man in a mechanic's jumpsuit took the elevator to the eighteenth floor and shook hands with a smiling agent.	There is no causality between A and agent..	1
A man in a mechanic's jumpsuit took the elevator to the eighteenth floor and shook hands with a smiling agent.	A is the reason of agent..	0
They posted a note on the back of the door and the lid of the toilet.	There is no causality between They and toilet..	1
They posted a note on the back of the door and the lid of the toilet.	They is the reason of toilet..	0
The present invention processes a transaction using a plurality of servers.	There is no causality between The and servers..	1
The present invention processes a transaction using a plurality of servers.	The is the reason of servers..	0
In general, I am not in favour of the television journalist, Mr Jeremy Paxman, a gentleman who reads the news with the impatience of a man astride a bike of wasps, but I must confess I have been warming to him in recent weeks.	There is no causality between In and weeks..	1
In general, I am not in favour of the television journalist, Mr Jeremy Paxman, a gentleman who reads the news with the impatience of a man astride a bike of wasps, but I must confess I have been warming to him in recent weeks.	In is the reason of weeks..	0
The core of the analyzer first identifies the infeasible paths using the constraint propagation method.	There is no causality between The and method..	1
The core of the analyzer first identifies the infeasible paths using the constraint propagation method.	The is the reason of method..	0
The present study has been concerned with the retrieval of semantic information.	There is no causality between The and information..	1
The present study has been concerned with the retrieval of semantic information.	The is the reason of information..	0
Germany sent observers to the 9/11 trial.	There is no causality between Germany and trial..	1
Germany sent observers to the 9/11 trial.	Germany is the reason of trial..	0
These are memorable words written on a piece of paper kept in a museum.	There is no causality between These and museum..	1
These are memorable words written on a piece of paper kept in a museum.	These is the reason of museum..	0
The bottom is welded into each monoseal casket using a continuous weld aldong the entire seam.	There is no causality between The and seam..	1
The bottom is welded into each monoseal casket using a continuous weld aldong the entire seam.	The is the reason of seam..	0
HC lawyers entered into a scuffle over the division of AP.	There is no causality between HC and AP..	1
HC lawyers entered into a scuffle over the division of AP.	HC is the reason of AP..	0
The frustration during this period was reflected in comments published in The Youngstown Daily Vindicator.	There is no causality between The and Vindicator..	1
The frustration during this period was reflected in comments published in The Youngstown Daily Vindicator.	The is the reason of Vindicator..	0
The woods that furnish the best charcoal for painters are the beech and vine.	There is no causality between The and vine..	1
The woods that furnish the best charcoal for painters are the beech and vine.	The is the reason of vine..	0
Preferably, the fuse is foreseen between the pin of the plug which projects to the outside and the inner connector of the plug.	There is no causality between Preferably, and plug..	1
Preferably, the fuse is foreseen between the pin of the plug which projects to the outside and the inner connector of the plug.	Preferably, is the reason of plug..	0
Here is a dole of female wild turkeys.	There is no causality between Here and turkeys..	1
Here is a dole of female wild turkeys.	Here is the reason of turkeys..	0
A thief who tried to steal the truck broke the igenition with screwdriver.	There is no causality between A and screwdriver..	1
A thief who tried to steal the truck broke the igenition with screwdriver.	A is the reason of screwdriver..	0
Yes, I have a mutation of thrushes eating me out of bird food.	There is no causality between Yes, and food..	1
Yes, I have a mutation of thrushes eating me out of bird food.	Yes, is the reason of food..	0
A traveler wears a mask for protection against the swine flu.	There is no causality between A and flu..	1
A traveler wears a mask for protection against the swine flu.	A is the reason of flu..	0
The director of the company in its inaugural year was George Ogilvie.	There is no causality between The and Ogilvie..	1
The director of the company in its inaugural year was George Ogilvie.	The is the reason of Ogilvie..	0
The UN has transported troops into the deep jungle of Cambodia.	There is no causality between The and Cambodia..	1
The UN has transported troops into the deep jungle of Cambodia.	The is the reason of Cambodia..	0
My pug has little bumps under his chin.	There is no causality between My and chin..	1
My pug has little bumps under his chin.	My is the reason of chin..	0
One of the guards at the entrance of the supermarket said it had been the same scenario on Saturday with a long queue for sugar being the order of the day.	There is no causality between One and day..	1
One of the guards at the entrance of the supermarket said it had been the same scenario on Saturday with a long queue for sugar being the order of the day.	One is the reason of day..	0
The door on the right enclosed a fumigating chamber.	There is no causality between The and chamber..	1
The door on the right enclosed a fumigating chamber.	The is the reason of chamber..	0
It is a branch of philosophy dealing with the nature of beauty, art, and taste, and with the creation and appreciation of beauty.	There is no causality between It and beauty..	1
It is a branch of philosophy dealing with the nature of beauty, art, and taste, and with the creation and appreciation of beauty.	It is the reason of beauty..	0
Surrounding each neuron there was a group of cells of the glial type , which together with the collagen fibres composed the glial capsule.	There is no causality between Surrounding and capsule..	1
Surrounding each neuron there was a group of cells of the glial type , which together with the collagen fibres composed the glial capsule.	Surrounding is the reason of capsule..	0
So with my little bag full of buttons, I faced the cold, blustery day to carry out some of these lovely ideas.	There is no causality between So and ideas..	1
So with my little bag full of buttons, I faced the cold, blustery day to carry out some of these lovely ideas.	So is the reason of ideas..	0
Thatch is caused by excessive growth from overfertilizing, by allowing the grass to get too high before mowing, or by incorrect watering.	incorrect watering cause excessive growth	1
Thatch is caused by excessive growth from overfertilizing, by allowing the grass to get too high before mowing, or by incorrect watering.	excessive growth cause incorrect watering	0
I have already fetched the mail into my account via GMail.	There is no causality between I and GMail..	1
I have already fetched the mail into my account via GMail.	I is the reason of GMail..	0
The court instead achieved the desired flexibility using a harmless error rule.	There is no causality between The and rule..	1
The court instead achieved the desired flexibility using a harmless error rule.	The is the reason of rule..	0
Stroke is one of the leading causes of death, long-term disability, and hospital admission in the industrialized world.	Stroke cause hospital admission	1
Stroke is one of the leading causes of death, long-term disability, and hospital admission in the industrialized world.	hospital admission cause Stroke	0
Readers focus on the content rather than struggling to see the words.	There is no causality between Readers and words..	1
Readers focus on the content rather than struggling to see the words.	Readers is the reason of words..	0
Last week, the troops moved into a dangerous war zone.	There is no causality between Last and zone..	1
Last week, the troops moved into a dangerous war zone.	Last is the reason of zone..	0
The grip 1 is fitted over a rear part of a core 6 of the helve of the hammer.	There is no causality between The and hammer..	1
The grip 1 is fitted over a rear part of a core 6 of the helve of the hammer.	The is the reason of hammer..	0
When approaching the Observatory, they unlock the padlock on the gate of the security fence, and entered the Observatory grounds and relock the gate.	There is no causality between When and gate..	1
When approaching the Observatory, they unlock the padlock on the gate of the security fence, and entered the Observatory grounds and relock the gate.	When is the reason of gate..	0
This introductory chapter sets out the main themes of the book.	There is no causality between This and book..	1
This introductory chapter sets out the main themes of the book.	This is the reason of book..	0
This oven has a meat probe so I tried it in the lasagna at a set temperature of 165 degrees.	There is no causality between This and degrees..	1
This oven has a meat probe so I tried it in the lasagna at a set temperature of 165 degrees.	This is the reason of degrees..	0
This crane has a telescopic boom that is mounted on a movable platform.	There is no causality between This and platform..	1
This crane has a telescopic boom that is mounted on a movable platform.	This is the reason of platform..	0
Lineman's pliers are an essential item in the electrician's tool complement.	There is no causality between Lineman's and complement..	1
Lineman's pliers are an essential item in the electrician's tool complement.	Lineman's is the reason of complement..	0
However, his company, Gordon Ramsay Holdings, issued a statement that appeared remarkably graceful at first glance.	There is no causality between However, and glance..	1
However, his company, Gordon Ramsay Holdings, issued a statement that appeared remarkably graceful at first glance.	However, is the reason of glance..	0
This is the same basic mechanism at work in a vacuum cleaner, though the execution is a bit more complicated.	There is no causality between This and complicated..	1
This is the same basic mechanism at work in a vacuum cleaner, though the execution is a bit more complicated.	This is the reason of complicated..	0
We also showed the presence of 22:6 in the liver and brain of weanling rats.	There is no causality between We and rats..	1
We also showed the presence of 22:6 in the liver and brain of weanling rats.	We is the reason of rats..	0
Previously, the end user machined the wrenches with a high-speed steel pull broach.	There is no causality between Previously, and broach..	1
Previously, the end user machined the wrenches with a high-speed steel pull broach.	Previously, is the reason of broach..	0
Although the guards searched his car and opened a suitcase with tracts in it they did not notice the illegal materials.	There is no causality between Although and materials..	1
Although the guards searched his car and opened a suitcase with tracts in it they did not notice the illegal materials.	Although is the reason of materials..	0
These old power plants produce pollution that causes smog, acid rain and global warming, and they generate radioactive wastes and other toxic pollutants.	pollution instigated by other toxic pollutants	1
These old power plants produce pollution that causes smog, acid rain and global warming, and they generate radioactive wastes and other toxic pollutants.	other toxic pollutants instigated by pollution	0
A war of words erupts between Sinn Fein and the DUP over the devolution of policing and justice powers to Northern Ireland.	There is no causality between A and Ireland..	1
A war of words erupts between Sinn Fein and the DUP over the devolution of policing and justice powers to Northern Ireland.	A is the reason of Ireland..	0
Blood looks very red on the colour television screen.	There is no causality between Blood and screen..	1
Blood looks very red on the colour television screen.	Blood is the reason of screen..	0
Ribozymes, also known as catalytic RNA and molecular scissors, break down nucleic acid inside a cell, cut out bad genetic information and splice in good material.	There is no causality between Ribozymes, and material..	1
Ribozymes, also known as catalytic RNA and molecular scissors, break down nucleic acid inside a cell, cut out bad genetic information and splice in good material.	Ribozymes, is the reason of material..	0
Koak et al 14 reported a case of such transformation in an enchondroma of the distal phalanx of a toe.	There is no causality between Koak and toe..	1
Koak et al 14 reported a case of such transformation in an enchondroma of the distal phalanx of a toe.	Koak is the reason of toe..	0
They  were brushing the shark's teeth.	There is no causality between They and teeth..	1
They  were brushing the shark's teeth.	They is the reason of teeth..	0
New York is a weekly magazine concerned with the life, culture, politics, and style of New York City.	There is no causality between New and City..	1
New York is a weekly magazine concerned with the life, culture, politics, and style of New York City.	New is the reason of City..	0
It is an online publication dedicated to informing the world about the numerous state violations of citizens' rights.	There is no causality between It and rights..	1
It is an online publication dedicated to informing the world about the numerous state violations of citizens' rights.	It is the reason of rights..	0
The warmouth, for example, was in a bin next to some nearly translucent banded pygmy sunfish.	There is no causality between The and sunfish..	1
The warmouth, for example, was in a bin next to some nearly translucent banded pygmy sunfish.	The is the reason of sunfish..	0
The channel promotes the traditional outdoor activities that are a vital part of our national heritage including fishing, hunting and shooting sports.	There is no causality between The and sports..	1
The channel promotes the traditional outdoor activities that are a vital part of our national heritage including fishing, hunting and shooting sports.	The is the reason of sports..	0
To repair, he used duct tape and caulk to seal gaps in the metal box and between joints and seams in the duct.	There is no causality between To and duct..	1
To repair, he used duct tape and caulk to seal gaps in the metal box and between joints and seams in the duct.	To is the reason of duct..	0
My ancient array of pens in a tankard works every time.	There is no causality between My and time..	1
My ancient array of pens in a tankard works every time.	My is the reason of time..	0
The dolphin uses its flukes for swimming and its flippers for steering.	There is no causality between The and steering..	1
The dolphin uses its flukes for swimming and its flippers for steering.	The is the reason of steering..	0
New experiences throw neurons into reverse.	There is no causality between New and reverse..	1
New experiences throw neurons into reverse.	New is the reason of reverse..	0
Both novel and film insist upon the necessity of the past in defining who we are and how we will live in the present.	There is no causality between Both and present..	1
Both novel and film insist upon the necessity of the past in defining who we are and how we will live in the present.	Both is the reason of present..	0
The narcs planted a rock of cocaine on me when they arrested my buddy with his stash.	There is no causality between The and stash..	1
The narcs planted a rock of cocaine on me when they arrested my buddy with his stash.	The is the reason of stash..	0
Panic attacks linked to heart disease and heart attacks.	There is no causality between Panic and attacks..	1
Panic attacks linked to heart disease and heart attacks.	Panic is the reason of attacks..	0
The list highlighted the best new music talent for the new year.	There is no causality between The and year..	1
The list highlighted the best new music talent for the new year.	The is the reason of year..	0
I included sections dealing with labour markets, domestic taxation, economic activation policies, and financial market regulation.	There is no causality between I and regulation..	1
I included sections dealing with labour markets, domestic taxation, economic activation policies, and financial market regulation.	I is the reason of regulation..	0
Prevx has added functionality into its new tool.	There is no causality between Prevx and tool..	1
Prevx has added functionality into its new tool.	Prevx is the reason of tool..	0
The victim, who was positioned underneath the conveyor, was using a hammer to adjust the return roller.	There is no causality between The and roller..	1
The victim, who was positioned underneath the conveyor, was using a hammer to adjust the return roller.	The is the reason of roller..	0
Heating oil is similar to diesel oil, and the process of refining it is very similar.	There is no causality between Heating and similar..	1
Heating oil is similar to diesel oil, and the process of refining it is very similar.	Heating is the reason of similar..	0
They found a suitcase with money in it and were driving to Denver to return it to the owner.	There is no causality between They and owner..	1
They found a suitcase with money in it and were driving to Denver to return it to the owner.	They is the reason of owner..	0
We are determined to pursue the conquest of evil with the good.	There is no causality between We and good..	1
We are determined to pursue the conquest of evil with the good.	We is the reason of good..	0
His shoes were in a box.	There is no causality between His and box..	1
His shoes were in a box.	His is the reason of box..	0
Air pollution causes smog and respiratory problems when breathed.	Air pollution lead to respiratory problems	1
Air pollution causes smog and respiratory problems when breathed.	respiratory problems lead to Air pollution	0
The same rule governs the use of the reversed and the monochrome versions of the logo.	There is no causality between The and logo..	1
The same rule governs the use of the reversed and the monochrome versions of the logo.	The is the reason of logo..	0
They are hedging bets on hosting the terror scum of different tripes.	There is no causality between They and tripes..	1
They are hedging bets on hosting the terror scum of different tripes.	They is the reason of tripes..	0
They have exported serious crime to previously blissful communities.	There is no causality between They and communities..	1
They have exported serious crime to previously blissful communities.	They is the reason of communities..	0
Slaanesh enjoys every aspect of experience, deriving pleasure from pain and suffering.	suffering cause pleasure	1
Slaanesh enjoys every aspect of experience, deriving pleasure from pain and suffering.	pleasure cause suffering	0
In recent years, the issue of experimentation upon nonhuman animals has become the subject of media attention.	There is no causality between In and attention..	1
In recent years, the issue of experimentation upon nonhuman animals has become the subject of media attention.	In is the reason of attention..	0
The land was farmed for cattle, but segments of the forests were sold off and the chapel fell into disrepair.	There is no causality between The and disrepair..	1
The land was farmed for cattle, but segments of the forests were sold off and the chapel fell into disrepair.	The is the reason of disrepair..	0
A more spare, less robust use of classical motifs is evident in a ewer of 1784-85.	There is no causality between A and 1784-85..	1
A more spare, less robust use of classical motifs is evident in a ewer of 1784-85.	A is the reason of 1784-85..	0
The flip-flop is a basic element of the sequential circuit and there are various structures even for the same type.	There is no causality between The and type..	1
The flip-flop is a basic element of the sequential circuit and there are various structures even for the same type.	The is the reason of type..	0
This dryer has a sensor that is supposed to sense when the clothes are dry.	There is no causality between This and dry..	1
This dryer has a sensor that is supposed to sense when the clothes are dry.	This is the reason of dry..	0
The bridge pillars, constructed with stone and lime mortar cores rather than wooden posts, rest on a large oak beam-grate that was built atop the gravel bed of the Danube, at the bottom of the cofferdam.	There is no causality between The and cofferdam..	1
The bridge pillars, constructed with stone and lime mortar cores rather than wooden posts, rest on a large oak beam-grate that was built atop the gravel bed of the Danube, at the bottom of the cofferdam.	The is the reason of cofferdam..	0
Many times, journalists become the topic for discussion among political party supporters at press conferences.	There is no causality between Many and conferences..	1
Many times, journalists become the topic for discussion among political party supporters at press conferences.	Many is the reason of conferences..	0
Xanax works by changing brain chemicals that cause stress and anxiety.	brain chemicals because anxiety	1
Xanax works by changing brain chemicals that cause stress and anxiety.	anxiety because brain chemicals	0
Near Adelaide the land is intensively farmed for dairying, fruit, and vegetables.	There is no causality between Near and vegetables..	1
Near Adelaide the land is intensively farmed for dairying, fruit, and vegetables.	Near is the reason of vegetables..	0
Blinking is caused by the eyelids sliding down over the positively charged cornea, whereas saccade potentials are caused by changes in the orientation of the corneoretinal dipole.	changes instigated by saccade potentials	1
Blinking is caused by the eyelids sliding down over the positively charged cornea, whereas saccade potentials are caused by changes in the orientation of the corneoretinal dipole.	saccade potentials instigated by changes	0
The activities were documented on the newsreels of the day, and form part of a new BBC television series.	There is no causality between The and series..	1
The activities were documented on the newsreels of the day, and form part of a new BBC television series.	The is the reason of series..	0
We sent the string to the webserver.	There is no causality between We and webserver..	1
We sent the string to the webserver.	We is the reason of webserver..	0
He has released a photocopy of his original birth certificate.	There is no causality between He and certificate..	1
He has released a photocopy of his original birth certificate.	He is the reason of certificate..	0
An Israeli minister sent troops into the schools to boost conscription.	There is no causality between An and conscription..	1
An Israeli minister sent troops into the schools to boost conscription.	An is the reason of conscription..	0
Their perspectives explain democracy promotion as an instrument of global capitalism.	There is no causality between Their and capitalism..	1
Their perspectives explain democracy promotion as an instrument of global capitalism.	Their is the reason of capitalism..	0
Toxins are drained into the sea.	There is no causality between Toxins and sea..	1
Toxins are drained into the sea.	Toxins is the reason of sea..	0
Phobia like fear from crowd, fear from insects, fear from height etc all contribute in developing the anxiety disorder.	height instigated by fear	1
Phobia like fear from crowd, fear from insects, fear from height etc all contribute in developing the anxiety disorder.	fear instigated by height	0
To connect your MP3 player to your computer, you need a USB cord that hooks into a slot on the music player.	There is no causality between To and player..	1
To connect your MP3 player to your computer, you need a USB cord that hooks into a slot on the music player.	To is the reason of player..	0
The second accident was reported on radio and television morning shows.	There is no causality between The and shows..	1
The second accident was reported on radio and television morning shows.	The is the reason of shows..	0
The program offers a lively discussion of magnificent value.	There is no causality between The and value..	1
The program offers a lively discussion of magnificent value.	The is the reason of value..	0
The website publishes analytical articles as well as advanced statistics and projections for individuals and teams.	There is no causality between The and teams..	1
The website publishes analytical articles as well as advanced statistics and projections for individuals and teams.	The is the reason of teams..	0
The valuable book has arrived into my care.	There is no causality between The and care..	1
The valuable book has arrived into my care.	The is the reason of care..	0
The game designer also uses a very specific tool for his work.	There is no causality between The and work..	1
The game designer also uses a very specific tool for his work.	The is the reason of work..	0
In the process of engagement the two blades of the scissors engage a piece of tissue to cut.	There is no causality between In and cut..	1
In the process of engagement the two blades of the scissors engage a piece of tissue to cut.	In is the reason of cut..	0
The kit was in a box that measured about 18x11x3.5 inches.	There is no causality between The and inches..	1
The kit was in a box that measured about 18x11x3.5 inches.	The is the reason of inches..	0
The strand was devoted to music theatre and film music and featured interviews with songwriters, composers, and orchestrators.	There is no causality between The and orchestrators..	1
The strand was devoted to music theatre and film music and featured interviews with songwriters, composers, and orchestrators.	The is the reason of orchestrators..	0
Flowers are carried into the chapel.	There is no causality between Flowers and chapel..	1
Flowers are carried into the chapel.	Flowers is the reason of chapel..	0
The unit consists of a mobile launcher, an interceptor and a command and control battle management and communication  system.	There is no causality between The and system..	1
The unit consists of a mobile launcher, an interceptor and a command and control battle management and communication  system.	The is the reason of system..	0
This book approaches painting in a traditional manner with an extreme sensitivity to light and texture.	There is no causality between This and texture..	1
This book approaches painting in a traditional manner with an extreme sensitivity to light and texture.	This is the reason of texture..	0
General contract law issues are examined, as is the law covering the registration of hotel guests.	There is no causality between General and guests..	1
General contract law issues are examined, as is the law covering the registration of hotel guests.	General is the reason of guests..	0
He dumped the pineapple into the ungreased cake pan.	There is no causality between He and pan..	1
He dumped the pineapple into the ungreased cake pan.	He is the reason of pan..	0
Secretly, she has been donating 10% of her income to local a orphanage every month.	There is no causality between Secretly, and month..	1
Secretly, she has been donating 10% of her income to local a orphanage every month.	Secretly, is the reason of month..	0
Muscles, tendons, and ligaments surround the ankle providing the stability the ankle joint needs for walking and running.	There is no causality between Muscles, and running..	1
Muscles, tendons, and ligaments surround the ankle providing the stability the ankle joint needs for walking and running.	Muscles, is the reason of running..	0
The navy searched the vessel with the crew on board.	There is no causality between The and board..	1
The navy searched the vessel with the crew on board.	The is the reason of board..	0
He added the explanation to the comments.	There is no causality between He and comments..	1
He added the explanation to the comments.	He is the reason of comments..	0
The author of this book is believed to be Nehemiah himself.	There is no causality between The and himself..	1
The author of this book is believed to be Nehemiah himself.	The is the reason of himself..	0
Farmers till now have negotiated with the market as individuals.	There is no causality between Farmers and individuals..	1
Farmers till now have negotiated with the market as individuals.	Farmers is the reason of individuals..	0
I found some candy in my underwear.	There is no causality between I and underwear..	1
I found some candy in my underwear.	I is the reason of underwear..	0
Rich in high-quality protein and other nutrients, soy flour also adds a pleasant texture and flavor to a variety of products.	There is no causality between Rich and products..	1
Rich in high-quality protein and other nutrients, soy flour also adds a pleasant texture and flavor to a variety of products.	Rich is the reason of products..	0
The old lady moved the boxes in the corridor into her own house.	There is no causality between The and house..	1
The old lady moved the boxes in the corridor into her own house.	The is the reason of house..	0
This particular X-ray machine has a timer on it that they used for exposure time.	There is no causality between This and time..	1
This particular X-ray machine has a timer on it that they used for exposure time.	This is the reason of time..	0
As you see, it very easily pulls away and the strings of the spaghetti squash come out relatively easy here.	There is no causality between As and here..	1
As you see, it very easily pulls away and the strings of the spaghetti squash come out relatively easy here.	As is the reason of here..	0
The method includes the formation of a two-layer semifmished product with a low-melting surface layer and simering combined with impregnation.	There is no causality between The and impregnation..	1
The method includes the formation of a two-layer semifmished product with a low-melting surface layer and simering combined with impregnation.	The is the reason of impregnation..	0
Eve joins an entire sisterhood of female singers.	There is no causality between Eve and singers..	1
Eve joins an entire sisterhood of female singers.	Eve is the reason of singers..	0
Their songs are about sex, drugs, drinking, fighting, and rock & roll.	There is no causality between Their and roll..	1
Their songs are about sex, drugs, drinking, fighting, and rock & roll.	Their is the reason of roll..	0
A Boy Scout in North Carolina found a purse with money in it.	There is no causality between A and it..	1
A Boy Scout in North Carolina found a purse with money in it.	A is the reason of it..	0
The coin was enclosed in a protective plastic case.	There is no causality between The and case..	1
The coin was enclosed in a protective plastic case.	The is the reason of case..	0
The cops moved into the floating hotels.	There is no causality between The and hotels..	1
The cops moved into the floating hotels.	The is the reason of hotels..	0
Urgent needs are approaching the society, which requires dynamic changes.	There is no causality between Urgent and changes..	1
Urgent needs are approaching the society, which requires dynamic changes.	Urgent is the reason of changes..	0
Musicians used their real nails of the right hand to pluck the strings.	There is no causality between Musicians and strings..	1
Musicians used their real nails of the right hand to pluck the strings.	Musicians is the reason of strings..	0
The singer arrived to the outdoor stage for rehearsal.	There is no causality between The and rehearsal..	1
The singer arrived to the outdoor stage for rehearsal.	The is the reason of rehearsal..	0
The GAA's Central Council published measures with regard to disciplinary procedures.	There is no causality between The and procedures..	1
The GAA's Central Council published measures with regard to disciplinary procedures.	The is the reason of procedures..	0
But largely they were of the rose kind, and, in the bloomy ring of wedded dames, sighed to in canzons, ' fair friends" of knight and poet, but saw themselves a little further on.	There is no causality between But and on..	1
But largely they were of the rose kind, and, in the bloomy ring of wedded dames, sighed to in canzons, ' fair friends" of knight and poet, but saw themselves a little further on.	But is the reason of on..	0
A symbol of this mystery is the sail that hangs on the mast of the ship as though it were Christ raised on the Cross.	There is no causality between A and Cross..	1
A symbol of this mystery is the sail that hangs on the mast of the ship as though it were Christ raised on the Cross.	A is the reason of Cross..	0
Sea turtles and sea lions use their front flippers to move forward.	There is no causality between Sea and forward..	1
Sea turtles and sea lions use their front flippers to move forward.	Sea is the reason of forward..	0
Your writer had a volery of birds in a large aviary in the back yard.	There is no causality between Your and yard..	1
Your writer had a volery of birds in a large aviary in the back yard.	Your is the reason of yard..	0
A Port St. Lucie man who stole a delivery driver's keys to get back at him over a grudge has been arrested on felony burglary charges.	There is no causality between A and charges..	1
A Port St. Lucie man who stole a delivery driver's keys to get back at him over a grudge has been arrested on felony burglary charges.	A is the reason of charges..	0
A chip of his breastbone the shape and size of a pinkie fingernail is preserved in a reliquary kept in the rectory.	There is no causality between A and rectory..	1
A chip of his breastbone the shape and size of a pinkie fingernail is preserved in a reliquary kept in the rectory.	A is the reason of rectory..	0
They are the biggest bunch of crybabies I have dealt with in my 30 years in Washington.	There is no causality between They and Washington..	1
They are the biggest bunch of crybabies I have dealt with in my 30 years in Washington.	They is the reason of Washington..	0
Fuji Electric has developed a quick battery charger that copes with the regulations using a choke input system.	There is no causality between Fuji and system..	1
Fuji Electric has developed a quick battery charger that copes with the regulations using a choke input system.	Fuji is the reason of system..	0
Scleroderma is a disease of the body's connective tissue that causes thickening and hardening of the skin.	Scleroderma cause hardening	1
Scleroderma is a disease of the body's connective tissue that causes thickening and hardening of the skin.	hardening cause Scleroderma	0
The world's largest shipyard in Ulsan slips a newly-built, multi-million dollar vessel into the water every four working days.	There is no causality between The and days..	1
The world's largest shipyard in Ulsan slips a newly-built, multi-million dollar vessel into the water every four working days.	The is the reason of days..	0
Tina Moeckel and Gail Coakley have been with the Guild for 17 years, have sons and daughters who they have danced with onstage, worked with backstage, and belong to a sisterhood of women dancers, now lifelong friends.	There is no causality between Tina and friends..	1
Tina Moeckel and Gail Coakley have been with the Guild for 17 years, have sons and daughters who they have danced with onstage, worked with backstage, and belong to a sisterhood of women dancers, now lifelong friends.	Tina is the reason of friends..	0
Both reached the same basic conclusion, that the ship had been destroyed by a magazine explosion which was triggered by an external blast.	an external blast cause a magazine explosion	1
Both reached the same basic conclusion, that the ship had been destroyed by a magazine explosion which was triggered by an external blast.	a magazine explosion cause an external blast	0
I'm the coin-operated machine supplier a.k.a. the coin operator.	There is no causality between I'm and operator..	1
I'm the coin-operated machine supplier a.k.a. the coin operator.	I'm is the reason of operator..	0
An actress's nude photos have been leaked to a local journal.	There is no causality between An and journal..	1
An actress's nude photos have been leaked to a local journal.	An is the reason of journal..	0
The teacher set up an activity where each time the dancer performed a tendu with a fully stretched foot she received a tag.	There is no causality between The and tag..	1
The teacher set up an activity where each time the dancer performed a tendu with a fully stretched foot she received a tag.	The is the reason of tag..	0
This sculpture is part of a shoes series I'm currently working on where I revisit some of my favorite classic sneakers silhouettes.	There is no causality between This and silhouettes..	1
This sculpture is part of a shoes series I'm currently working on where I revisit some of my favorite classic sneakers silhouettes.	This is the reason of silhouettes..	0
The commandos were dropped into a French nuclear plant.	There is no causality between The and plant..	1
The commandos were dropped into a French nuclear plant.	The is the reason of plant..	0
John Chaney is found home on the range herding cattle on his Clarksburg farm.	There is no causality between John and farm..	1
John Chaney is found home on the range herding cattle on his Clarksburg farm.	John is the reason of farm..	0
We dissolved the contents of one packet in a carafe of water and ran the brew cycle.	There is no causality between We and cycle..	1
We dissolved the contents of one packet in a carafe of water and ran the brew cycle.	We is the reason of cycle..	0
Mom of 5 succeeded with can-do attitude.	There is no causality between Mom and attitude..	1
Mom of 5 succeeded with can-do attitude.	Mom is the reason of attitude..	0
The working party's conclusions were set out in a document dated June 1951.	There is no causality between The and 1951..	1
The working party's conclusions were set out in a document dated June 1951.	The is the reason of 1951..	0
The gist of his message was that the religious social structure was in crisis and should be saved.	There is no causality between The and saved..	1
The gist of his message was that the religious social structure was in crisis and should be saved.	The is the reason of saved..	0
Two children playing in a Queens park have found a suitcase with bones in it.	There is no causality between Two and it..	1
Two children playing in a Queens park have found a suitcase with bones in it.	Two is the reason of it..	0
Since arriving in Cairns, co-workers have thrown the new employee into local issues.	There is no causality between Since and issues..	1
Since arriving in Cairns, co-workers have thrown the new employee into local issues.	Since is the reason of issues..	0
The book involves the reader in many other themes of vital relevance to everyone.	There is no causality between The and everyone..	1
The book involves the reader in many other themes of vital relevance to everyone.	The is the reason of everyone..	0
The bulbar region is an area of the brain composed of the cerebellum, medulla and pons.	There is no causality between The and pons..	1
The bulbar region is an area of the brain composed of the cerebellum, medulla and pons.	The is the reason of pons..	0
Earlier, a dray of terrified ground squirrels ran for their lives as flames raced their way.	There is no causality between Earlier, and way..	1
Earlier, a dray of terrified ground squirrels ran for their lives as flames raced their way.	Earlier, is the reason of way..	0
The construction workers delivered the petition to the governor.	There is no causality between The and governor..	1
The construction workers delivered the petition to the governor.	The is the reason of governor..	0
The microwave oven is one of the great inventions of the 20th century.	There is no causality between The and century..	1
The microwave oven is one of the great inventions of the 20th century.	The is the reason of century..	0
At a recent meeting on the thorny subject of the gas trade between Russia and Ukraine, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said Mrs Tymoshenko was a woman with whom he could do business.	There is no causality between At and business..	1
At a recent meeting on the thorny subject of the gas trade between Russia and Ukraine, Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin said Mrs Tymoshenko was a woman with whom he could do business.	At is the reason of business..	0
Kit Hinrichs talks about his experiences in a recent interview for the One Club.	There is no causality between Kit and Club..	1
Kit Hinrichs talks about his experiences in a recent interview for the One Club.	Kit is the reason of Club..	0
Essential supplies are being delivered to conflict-affected families in Yemen.	There is no causality between Essential and Yemen..	1
Essential supplies are being delivered to conflict-affected families in Yemen.	Essential is the reason of Yemen..	0
The book is rich in social history as More traces the origins and subsequent careers of numerous students and the experiences of numerous faculty.	There is no causality between The and faculty..	1
The book is rich in social history as More traces the origins and subsequent careers of numerous students and the experiences of numerous faculty.	The is the reason of faculty..	0
I first tried this comforting, pork stew a year ago and it is unbelievably good.	There is no causality between I and good..	1
I first tried this comforting, pork stew a year ago and it is unbelievably good.	I is the reason of good..	0
Stripped even of reservation rights, the few survivors drifted between the four winds on their final journey into the bitter rain of tears.	There is no causality between Stripped and tears..	1
Stripped even of reservation rights, the few survivors drifted between the four winds on their final journey into the bitter rain of tears.	Stripped is the reason of tears..	0
Patty the Milkmaid was going to market carrying her milk in a pail on her head.	There is no causality between Patty and head..	1
Patty the Milkmaid was going to market carrying her milk in a pail on her head.	Patty is the reason of head..	0
In reality, acne is caused by bacteria and oil on the skin.	oil instigated by acne	1
In reality, acne is caused by bacteria and oil on the skin.	acne instigated by oil	0
The trailer is a combo of the movies comedy and horror elements whilst also selling the potential for Megan Fox to be mostly naked.	There is no causality between The and naked..	1
The trailer is a combo of the movies comedy and horror elements whilst also selling the potential for Megan Fox to be mostly naked.	The is the reason of naked..	0
However, the emperor took advantage of the gathering to determine the order and organization of the church.	There is no causality between However, and church..	1
However, the emperor took advantage of the gathering to determine the order and organization of the church.	However, is the reason of church..	0
Another message is being delivered to another mail application.	There is no causality between Another and application..	1
Another message is being delivered to another mail application.	Another is the reason of application..	0
The country has constructed a thermal plant in Takoradi to supplement its power supply needs.	There is no causality between The and needs..	1
The country has constructed a thermal plant in Takoradi to supplement its power supply needs.	The is the reason of needs..	0
The badly decomposed body was in a suitcase placed inside a manhole near some luxury homes in Stanley.	There is no causality between The and Stanley..	1
The badly decomposed body was in a suitcase placed inside a manhole near some luxury homes in Stanley.	The is the reason of Stanley..	0
The festival involved two practical competitions and a lecture.	There is no causality between The and lecture..	1
The festival involved two practical competitions and a lecture.	The is the reason of lecture..	0
These brothers were the first to invent a working airplane.	There is no causality between These and airplane..	1
These brothers were the first to invent a working airplane.	These is the reason of airplane..	0
The port side of a vessel is indicated with a red navigation light at night.	There is no causality between The and night..	1
The port side of a vessel is indicated with a red navigation light at night.	The is the reason of night..	0
People used to throw coins into this fountain.	There is no causality between People and fountain..	1
People used to throw coins into this fountain.	People is the reason of fountain..	0
The early aims and objectives of cooperatives have been considered in the first chapter of this book.	There is no causality between The and book..	1
The early aims and objectives of cooperatives have been considered in the first chapter of this book.	The is the reason of book..	0
In the branch of the tree which bends towards Christ, a bird feeds her chicks.	There is no causality between In and chicks..	1
In the branch of the tree which bends towards Christ, a bird feeds her chicks.	In is the reason of chicks..	0
This winter season, bird flu has been carried into the country quickly.	There is no causality between This and quickly..	1
This winter season, bird flu has been carried into the country quickly.	This is the reason of quickly..	0
It is an official document providing proof of ownership of a motor vehicle.	There is no causality between It and vehicle..	1
It is an official document providing proof of ownership of a motor vehicle.	It is the reason of vehicle..	0
The ricotta mixture was the best part of this dish.	There is no causality between The and dish..	1
The ricotta mixture was the best part of this dish.	The is the reason of dish..	0
We inserted some sound into the blackboard announcements.	There is no causality between We and announcements..	1
We inserted some sound into the blackboard announcements.	We is the reason of announcements..	0
During this period of time, when a soldier joins the army, he has to buy his own war horse and weapons.	There is no causality between During and weapons..	1
During this period of time, when a soldier joins the army, he has to buy his own war horse and weapons.	During is the reason of weapons..	0
As I was entering the bathroom, I grabbed the door knob and it felt loose and hollow, like cheap crap.	There is no causality between As and crap..	1
As I was entering the bathroom, I grabbed the door knob and it felt loose and hollow, like cheap crap.	As is the reason of crap..	0
The Washington sniper is put to death.	There is no causality between The and death..	1
The Washington sniper is put to death.	The is the reason of death..	0
The therapist treats the patient with a certain kind of manual therapy.	There is no causality between The and therapy..	1
The therapist treats the patient with a certain kind of manual therapy.	The is the reason of therapy..	0
Pilgrimage to Mecca is a basic tenet of Islam.	There is no causality between Pilgrimage and Islam..	1
Pilgrimage to Mecca is a basic tenet of Islam.	Pilgrimage is the reason of Islam..	0
A first edition of Charles Darwin's seminal "The Origin of Species", which was found in a family's toilet in southern Britain, will be sold this week.	There is no causality between A and week..	1
A first edition of Charles Darwin's seminal "The Origin of Species", which was found in a family's toilet in southern Britain, will be sold this week.	A is the reason of week..	0
Her clothes were in a box with no lid sitting on the next higher step.	There is no causality between Her and step..	1
Her clothes were in a box with no lid sitting on the next higher step.	Her is the reason of step..	0
This document is a summary of an interrogation of the witness conducted on the noted date.	There is no causality between This and date..	1
This document is a summary of an interrogation of the witness conducted on the noted date.	This is the reason of date..	0
Prospectors have arrived in midland cars.	There is no causality between Prospectors and cars..	1
Prospectors have arrived in midland cars.	Prospectors is the reason of cars..	0
The Kursk  reactor was manufactured in a slurry-fed ceramic Joule-heated glass melter.	There is no causality between The and melter..	1
The Kursk  reactor was manufactured in a slurry-fed ceramic Joule-heated glass melter.	The is the reason of melter..	0
It shows a sailor with a list of crossed-out ex-girlfriend's names going down his arm.	There is no causality between It and arm..	1
It shows a sailor with a list of crossed-out ex-girlfriend's names going down his arm.	It is the reason of arm..	0
Only a minority of Armenian physicians felt well prepared to counsel patients to quit smoking.	There is no causality between Only and smoking..	1
Only a minority of Armenian physicians felt well prepared to counsel patients to quit smoking.	Only is the reason of smoking..	0
The roaring chainsword bit into the haft of the axe, just below the massive blade.	There is no causality between The and blade..	1
The roaring chainsword bit into the haft of the axe, just below the massive blade.	The is the reason of blade..	0
When a bottle full of air is opened under water, the water will not enter the bottle.	There is no causality between When and bottle..	1
When a bottle full of air is opened under water, the water will not enter the bottle.	When is the reason of bottle..	0
The kitchen was full of smoke.	There is no causality between The and smoke..	1
The kitchen was full of smoke.	The is the reason of smoke..	0
The users sent an array to the responder.	There is no causality between The and responder..	1
The users sent an array to the responder.	The is the reason of responder..	0
Branches overhang the roof of this house.	There is no causality between Branches and house..	1
Branches overhang the roof of this house.	Branches is the reason of house..	0
The activities are divided into three programmes: The Children and Youth Programme, the Adult Programme and the Senior Citizens Programme.	There is no causality between The and Programme..	1
The activities are divided into three programmes: The Children and Youth Programme, the Adult Programme and the Senior Citizens Programme.	The is the reason of Programme..	0
The chicken in a bag on the floor of the bus doesn't seem to appreciate the driver's hard breaking.	There is no causality between The and breaking..	1
The chicken in a bag on the floor of the bus doesn't seem to appreciate the driver's hard breaking.	The is the reason of breaking..	0
Sky Cops is a British reality TV show revealing the work of the air police.	There is no causality between Sky and police..	1
Sky Cops is a British reality TV show revealing the work of the air police.	Sky is the reason of police..	0
The garbage was thrown into the waste disposal bin.	There is no causality between The and bin..	1
The garbage was thrown into the waste disposal bin.	The is the reason of bin..	0
Intruders are going into the organisation looking for key documents.	There is no causality between Intruders and documents..	1
Intruders are going into the organisation looking for key documents.	Intruders is the reason of documents..	0
Godfrey and I, caught up in the whirl of insects, had become part of the forest, too.	There is no causality between Godfrey and too..	1
Godfrey and I, caught up in the whirl of insects, had become part of the forest, too.	Godfrey is the reason of too..	0
It utilized a critical eye and free inquiry into the conditions of life and issues of morality.	There is no causality between It and morality..	1
It utilized a critical eye and free inquiry into the conditions of life and issues of morality.	It is the reason of morality..	0
The site is currently dry farmed for wheat.	There is no causality between The and wheat..	1
The site is currently dry farmed for wheat.	The is the reason of wheat..	0
A grieving family learned their 95-year-old great-grandmother had been cremated when they found a stranger's body in her casket.	There is no causality between A and casket..	1
A grieving family learned their 95-year-old great-grandmother had been cremated when they found a stranger's body in her casket.	A is the reason of casket..	0
New furniture has been delivered to the house.	There is no causality between New and house..	1
New furniture has been delivered to the house.	New is the reason of house..	0
He weaves complex tales concerning the romantic concerns of happiness, love and sufferance.	There is no causality between He and sufferance..	1
He weaves complex tales concerning the romantic concerns of happiness, love and sufferance.	He is the reason of sufferance..	0
A referee, or on-ice official, is responsible for enforcing the rules during a game.	There is no causality between A and game..	1
A referee, or on-ice official, is responsible for enforcing the rules during a game.	A is the reason of game..	0
The car left the plant.	There is no causality between The and plant..	1
The car left the plant.	The is the reason of plant..	0
The female constructs a nest of grass in a hollow on the ground.	There is no causality between The and ground..	1
The female constructs a nest of grass in a hollow on the ground.	The is the reason of ground..	0
Both over-the-counter pain pills and prescription drugs cause medication-overuse headaches.	prescription drugs because medication-overuse headaches	1
Both over-the-counter pain pills and prescription drugs cause medication-overuse headaches.	medication-overuse headaches because prescription drugs	0
A pious lady having built a church under the invocation of the Blessed Virgin, on the high road to Bethlehem, Longinus refused her request that his pupil should undertake the charge of it.	There is no causality between A and it..	1
A pious lady having built a church under the invocation of the Blessed Virgin, on the high road to Bethlehem, Longinus refused her request that his pupil should undertake the charge of it.	A is the reason of it..	0
Wendy's has added orange slices into children's meals.	There is no causality between Wendy's and meals..	1
Wendy's has added orange slices into children's meals.	Wendy's is the reason of meals..	0
The bike was in a crate on the back of a truck.	There is no causality between The and truck..	1
The bike was in a crate on the back of a truck.	The is the reason of truck..	0
In contrast, the rotors of the screw compressor and quite a few others rotate in opposite directions.	There is no causality between In and directions..	1
In contrast, the rotors of the screw compressor and quite a few others rotate in opposite directions.	In is the reason of directions..	0
Groups of them were gathered, drinking barley ale.	There is no causality between Groups and ale..	1
Groups of them were gathered, drinking barley ale.	Groups is the reason of ale..	0
There was weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth in the camp of the outsiders now.	There is no causality between There and now..	1
There was weeping and wailing and gnashing of teeth in the camp of the outsiders now.	There is the reason of now..	0
The Maryland Department of the Environment has already worked to reduce the amount of pollution from sources like cars and factories.	factories instigated by pollution	1
The Maryland Department of the Environment has already worked to reduce the amount of pollution from sources like cars and factories.	pollution instigated by factories	0
Next, I adjusted the screw of the lifter magnet to be about 20mm above the top surface of the adjustable arm.	There is no causality between Next, and arm..	1
Next, I adjusted the screw of the lifter magnet to be about 20mm above the top surface of the adjustable arm.	Next, is the reason of arm..	0
Each wolf in his pack plays a character befitting his social status.	There is no causality between Each and status..	1
Each wolf in his pack plays a character befitting his social status.	Each is the reason of status..	0
Michael Barry is one of the most respected riders in the peloton and the author of two books and many fascinating articles.	There is no causality between Michael and articles..	1
Michael Barry is one of the most respected riders in the peloton and the author of two books and many fascinating articles.	Michael is the reason of articles..	0
Goods such as soaps and towels were transported into countries in Central Africa.	There is no causality between Goods and Africa..	1
Goods such as soaps and towels were transported into countries in Central Africa.	Goods is the reason of Africa..	0
Recently, there is a movement afoot, instigated by the heterodox section of the community, as well as by the followers of the Gatha Alone Cultists to proselytise others to become "Zarthushtis".	the followers because a movement afoot	1
Recently, there is a movement afoot, instigated by the heterodox section of the community, as well as by the followers of the Gatha Alone Cultists to proselytise others to become "Zarthushtis".	a movement afoot because the followers	0
A mouse was found in a loaf of malt bread.	There is no causality between A and bread..	1
A mouse was found in a loaf of malt bread.	A is the reason of bread..	0
In a staggering lapse of judgment, the National Research Council let its panel of hydrogen advocates publish a deeply flawed report trashing plug-in hybrids.	There is no causality between In and hybrids..	1
In a staggering lapse of judgment, the National Research Council let its panel of hydrogen advocates publish a deeply flawed report trashing plug-in hybrids.	In is the reason of hybrids..	0
The drugs cause unconsciousness and cardiac arrest separately.	The drugs from cardiac arrest	1
The drugs cause unconsciousness and cardiac arrest separately.	cardiac arrest from The drugs	0
A new documentary investigates the short career of GM's electric vehicle, the EV1.	There is no causality between A and EV1..	1
A new documentary investigates the short career of GM's electric vehicle, the EV1.	A is the reason of EV1..	0
Rowe Coven was a coven of male warlocks who got more powerful down the generations until there are three brothers, the most powerful ever seen.	There is no causality between Rowe and seen..	1
Rowe Coven was a coven of male warlocks who got more powerful down the generations until there are three brothers, the most powerful ever seen.	Rowe is the reason of seen..	0
An experienced driver "feathers" the brakes so as to stop the vehicle with only just enough torque in the brakes to hold the vehicle stationary on any gradient.	There is no causality between An and gradient..	1
An experienced driver "feathers" the brakes so as to stop the vehicle with only just enough torque in the brakes to hold the vehicle stationary on any gradient.	An is the reason of gradient..	0
Anti-crime rap is sent to mobiles.	There is no causality between Anti-crime and mobiles..	1
Anti-crime rap is sent to mobiles.	Anti-crime is the reason of mobiles..	0
This movie was in a box set with 20 others, with varying quality, and I can safely say that this title was right at the bottom of the heap.	There is no causality between This and heap..	1
This movie was in a box set with 20 others, with varying quality, and I can safely say that this title was right at the bottom of the heap.	This is the reason of heap..	0
A Golden retriever was in a crate in the back of the vehicle when it was stolen.	There is no causality between A and stolen..	1
A Golden retriever was in a crate in the back of the vehicle when it was stolen.	A is the reason of stolen..	0
The contraband was in a suitcase in the unclaimed luggage room at the airport.	There is no causality between The and airport..	1
The contraband was in a suitcase in the unclaimed luggage room at the airport.	The is the reason of airport..	0
Most sewing machines use a sturdier stitch known as the lock-stitch.	There is no causality between Most and lock-stitch..	1
Most sewing machines use a sturdier stitch known as the lock-stitch.	Most is the reason of lock-stitch..	0
Fruit is held in a chute or on pack or rotary tables prior to being loaded into a carton.	There is no causality between Fruit and carton..	1
Fruit is held in a chute or on pack or rotary tables prior to being loaded into a carton.	Fruit is the reason of carton..	0
The package includes the BBC "Fight for Life" series of videos, which chronicles the difficulties experienced in the lives of women giving birth in developing countries.	There is no causality between The and countries..	1
The package includes the BBC "Fight for Life" series of videos, which chronicles the difficulties experienced in the lives of women giving birth in developing countries.	The is the reason of countries..	0
Their passion was reflected in the correspondence they kept.	There is no causality between Their and kept..	1
Their passion was reflected in the correspondence they kept.	Their is the reason of kept..	0
Its reputation as an efficient firm of accountants has grown and has attracted a large number of companies.	There is no causality between Its and companies..	1
Its reputation as an efficient firm of accountants has grown and has attracted a large number of companies.	Its is the reason of companies..	0
The index is based on the set of the scientist's most cited papers and the number of citations that they have received in other people's publications.	There is no causality between The and publications..	1
The index is based on the set of the scientist's most cited papers and the number of citations that they have received in other people's publications.	The is the reason of publications..	0
CACHE designs qualifications in the care and education of children and young people.	There is no causality between CACHE and people..	1
CACHE designs qualifications in the care and education of children and young people.	CACHE is the reason of people..	0
Hairdressing with color has become a common trend these days.	There is no causality between Hairdressing and days..	1
Hairdressing with color has become a common trend these days.	Hairdressing is the reason of days..	0
He also had access to a sounder of fat pigs upon which the humans feasted upon in celebration of the newly expanded farmland.	There is no causality between He and farmland..	1
He also had access to a sounder of fat pigs upon which the humans feasted upon in celebration of the newly expanded farmland.	He is the reason of farmland..	0
We discovered that my chronic migraines and neck pain were caused by the injuries I had sustained in my first car accident two and a half years ago.	the injuries because neck pain	1
We discovered that my chronic migraines and neck pain were caused by the injuries I had sustained in my first car accident two and a half years ago.	neck pain because the injuries	0
More important, these changes improved the users' experience of the software.	There is no causality between More and software..	1
More important, these changes improved the users' experience of the software.	More is the reason of software..	0
A substrate treating apparatus for treatment of substrates with a treating liquid includes a treating tank having an inner tank for storing the treating liquid.	There is no causality between A and liquid..	1
A substrate treating apparatus for treatment of substrates with a treating liquid includes a treating tank having an inner tank for storing the treating liquid.	A is the reason of liquid..	0
We are happy to relay the news that the various rights issues have been resolved.	There is no causality between We and resolved..	1
We are happy to relay the news that the various rights issues have been resolved.	We is the reason of resolved..	0
Chinese literature begins with ShiJing , an anthology of songs, poems, and hymns.	There is no causality between Chinese and hymns..	1
Chinese literature begins with ShiJing , an anthology of songs, poems, and hymns.	Chinese is the reason of hymns..	0
The shop machined the part with a 1.25 inch diameter.	There is no causality between The and diameter..	1
The shop machined the part with a 1.25 inch diameter.	The is the reason of diameter..	0
My father's armor was in a chest next to the shrine.	There is no causality between My and shrine..	1
My father's armor was in a chest next to the shrine.	My is the reason of shrine..	0
This page shows you how to hold your fingers and hands correctly, and addresses the most common problems.	There is no causality between This and problems..	1
This page shows you how to hold your fingers and hands correctly, and addresses the most common problems.	This is the reason of problems..	0
There's a trembling of finches on my lawn.	There is no causality between There's and lawn..	1
There's a trembling of finches on my lawn.	There's is the reason of lawn..	0
We present a perception driven autonomous urban vehicle.	There is no causality between We and vehicle..	1
We present a perception driven autonomous urban vehicle.	We is the reason of vehicle..	0
This cut blue and white striped cotton dress with red bands on the bodice was in a trunk of vintage Barbie clothing.	There is no causality between This and clothing..	1
This cut blue and white striped cotton dress with red bands on the bodice was in a trunk of vintage Barbie clothing.	This is the reason of clothing..	0
This train's windows are elegantly curtained.	There is no causality between This and curtained..	1
This train's windows are elegantly curtained.	This is the reason of curtained..	0
The workers locked themselves in the upstairs office and left the shocked managers downstairs in the shop.	There is no causality between The and shop..	1
The workers locked themselves in the upstairs office and left the shocked managers downstairs in the shop.	The is the reason of shop..	0
Each member takes part in the activity of the whole organisation in the same way as the Organisation is responsible for the revolutionary and political activity of each of its members, since they do not act in the political domain without consulting the organisation.	There is no causality between Each and organisation..	1
Each member takes part in the activity of the whole organisation in the same way as the Organisation is responsible for the revolutionary and political activity of each of its members, since they do not act in the political domain without consulting the organisation.	Each is the reason of organisation..	0
The Norwalk juicer grinds and presses any fruit or vegetable.	There is no causality between The and vegetable..	1
The Norwalk juicer grinds and presses any fruit or vegetable.	The is the reason of vegetable..	0
The cells migrated into the inflammatory tissues.	There is no causality between The and tissues..	1
The cells migrated into the inflammatory tissues.	The is the reason of tissues..	0
Every household needs a nest of tables - functional and economic with space.	There is no causality between Every and space..	1
Every household needs a nest of tables - functional and economic with space.	Every is the reason of space..	0
Our visit is part of the general strategy to engage the global community to benefit our economy, to enhance our national security and of course, to promote the welfare of our OFWs -- the biggest community of which is right here in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.	There is no causality between Our and Arabia..	1
Our visit is part of the general strategy to engage the global community to benefit our economy, to enhance our national security and of course, to promote the welfare of our OFWs -- the biggest community of which is right here in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.	Our is the reason of Arabia..	0
The team journeyed into an uncharted area.	There is no causality between The and area..	1
The team journeyed into an uncharted area.	The is the reason of area..	0
We poured the milk into the pumpkin mixture.	There is no causality between We and mixture..	1
We poured the milk into the pumpkin mixture.	We is the reason of mixture..	0
The book is rich in exercises, most with answers.	There is no causality between The and answers..	1
The book is rich in exercises, most with answers.	The is the reason of answers..	0
He easily put the syringe in a beaker of water.	There is no causality between He and water..	1
He easily put the syringe in a beaker of water.	He is the reason of water..	0
The factory's workshop functioned inside an extension which was bigger than the actual residence.	There is no causality between The and residence..	1
The factory's workshop functioned inside an extension which was bigger than the actual residence.	The is the reason of residence..	0
A skulk of thieves gathered for their monthly summit.	There is no causality between A and summit..	1
A skulk of thieves gathered for their monthly summit.	A is the reason of summit..	0
It's a best mobile terminal for a programmer or geek.	There is no causality between It's and geek..	1
It's a best mobile terminal for a programmer or geek.	It's is the reason of geek..	0
We do know this telecommunications company.	There is no causality between We and company..	1
We do know this telecommunications company.	We is the reason of company..	0
The two central areas of controversy have to do with composition and titles.	There is no causality between The and titles..	1
The two central areas of controversy have to do with composition and titles.	The is the reason of titles..	0
Her father also was a member of the new party and supported Abraham Lincoln.	There is no causality between Her and Lincoln..	1
Her father also was a member of the new party and supported Abraham Lincoln.	Her is the reason of Lincoln..	0
The newsletter of the center informs about new exhibitions, congresses, seminars and conferences.	There is no causality between The and conferences..	1
The newsletter of the center informs about new exhibitions, congresses, seminars and conferences.	The is the reason of conferences..	0
Paul Bunyan's parents took the boy and put him in a cradle out in the ocean.	There is no causality between Paul and ocean..	1
Paul Bunyan's parents took the boy and put him in a cradle out in the ocean.	Paul is the reason of ocean..	0
The student took the note to the class room.	There is no causality between The and room..	1
The student took the note to the class room.	The is the reason of room..	0
He also finds a bottle with Joe's appendix in it.	There is no causality between He and it..	1
He also finds a bottle with Joe's appendix in it.	He is the reason of it..	0
NASA has dumped the probe into the deep outer space.	There is no causality between NASA and space..	1
NASA has dumped the probe into the deep outer space.	NASA is the reason of space..	0
In the meantime, an unlikely menage of Payaya natives, Franciscan padres, Canary Islanders and Spanish soldiers struggle to bring the city together as winter approaches.	There is no causality between In and approaches..	1
In the meantime, an unlikely menage of Payaya natives, Franciscan padres, Canary Islanders and Spanish soldiers struggle to bring the city together as winter approaches.	In is the reason of approaches..	0
The ornaments were blown into complicated, multi-piece molds.	There is no causality between The and molds..	1
The ornaments were blown into complicated, multi-piece molds.	The is the reason of molds..	0
I have added references into the name index.	There is no causality between I and index..	1
I have added references into the name index.	I is the reason of index..	0
The convict protects Pip with a claim that he stole the items himself.	There is no causality between The and himself..	1
The convict protects Pip with a claim that he stole the items himself.	The is the reason of himself..	0
The plot evokes old-school space opera with its whirlwind pace, immense scope and twist ending, but cutting-edge extrapolation breathes vivid life into this universe of scoundrels, heroes and romantics.	There is no causality between The and romantics..	1
The plot evokes old-school space opera with its whirlwind pace, immense scope and twist ending, but cutting-edge extrapolation breathes vivid life into this universe of scoundrels, heroes and romantics.	The is the reason of romantics..	0
The noise and vibration caused by the passage of trains resulted in unacceptable conditions within the convention center as standard construction techniques had been used.	the passage instigated by vibration	1
The noise and vibration caused by the passage of trains resulted in unacceptable conditions within the convention center as standard construction techniques had been used.	vibration instigated by the passage	0
Lemon cake is my husband's favorite.	There is no causality between Lemon and favorite..	1
Lemon cake is my husband's favorite.	Lemon is the reason of favorite..	0
The two chiefs quickly gather round them a phalanx of their comrades.	There is no causality between The and comrades..	1
The two chiefs quickly gather round them a phalanx of their comrades.	The is the reason of comrades..	0
Passengers have rights in the event of a delay or cancellation that has been caused by the airline.	the airline because cancellation	1
Passengers have rights in the event of a delay or cancellation that has been caused by the airline.	cancellation because the airline	0
The immediate post-war years were a hive of ideas at Glyndebourne, some worked and others did not.	There is no causality between The and not..	1
The immediate post-war years were a hive of ideas at Glyndebourne, some worked and others did not.	The is the reason of not..	0
Felt dots are embroidered on the front and sleeves of this sweater, adding an extra dimension of fun.	There is no causality between Felt and fun..	1
Felt dots are embroidered on the front and sleeves of this sweater, adding an extra dimension of fun.	Felt is the reason of fun..	0
Mehmet Oz, a cardiovascular surgeon, is part of a new generation of doctors who are taking medicine to new technological and spiritual frontiers.	There is no causality between Mehmet and frontiers..	1
Mehmet Oz, a cardiovascular surgeon, is part of a new generation of doctors who are taking medicine to new technological and spiritual frontiers.	Mehmet is the reason of frontiers..	0
Natural Liver Cirrhosis Treatment Liver cirrhosis is a degenerative inflammatory disease that results in hardening and scarring of liver cells.	a degenerative inflammatory disease instigated by scarring	1
Natural Liver Cirrhosis Treatment Liver cirrhosis is a degenerative inflammatory disease that results in hardening and scarring of liver cells.	scarring instigated by a degenerative inflammatory disease	0
I have put these images into my web page.	There is no causality between I and page..	1
I have put these images into my web page.	I is the reason of page..	0
The US forces have withdrawn due to the damage caused by the eruption and the typhoon.	the typhoon instigated by the damage	1
The US forces have withdrawn due to the damage caused by the eruption and the typhoon.	the damage instigated by the typhoon	0
Today Miguel Cotto is receiving a rain of offers to keep fighting.	There is no causality between Today and fighting..	1
Today Miguel Cotto is receiving a rain of offers to keep fighting.	Today is the reason of fighting..	0
Asthma is a disease of the respiratory system, which causes swelling and narrowing of the airways.	Asthma cause narrowing	1
Asthma is a disease of the respiratory system, which causes swelling and narrowing of the airways.	narrowing cause Asthma	0
Coconut rice and potato stew was a Sunday lunch on a day when I wanted to spend as less time as possible in the kitchen.	There is no causality between Coconut and kitchen..	1
Coconut rice and potato stew was a Sunday lunch on a day when I wanted to spend as less time as possible in the kitchen.	Coconut is the reason of kitchen..	0
This oven has a flat belt conveyor with three zones and complete controls.	There is no causality between This and controls..	1
This oven has a flat belt conveyor with three zones and complete controls.	This is the reason of controls..	0
Storms and earthquakes lead to the second-highest losses in insurance history.	earthquakes caused by the second-highest losses	1
Storms and earthquakes lead to the second-highest losses in insurance history.	the second-highest losses caused by earthquakes	0
Lesser Black-backed Gulls were capable of producing, on average, almost three times the normal clutch of three eggs.	There is no causality between Lesser and eggs..	1
Lesser Black-backed Gulls were capable of producing, on average, almost three times the normal clutch of three eggs.	Lesser is the reason of eggs..	0
In America, one of dynamite's first use was in the creation of trenches for irrigation systems.	There is no causality between In and systems..	1
In America, one of dynamite's first use was in the creation of trenches for irrigation systems.	In is the reason of systems..	0
This user plays games on a portable console.	There is no causality between This and console..	1
This user plays games on a portable console.	This is the reason of console..	0
Climate change is the topic of the day.	There is no causality between Climate and day..	1
Climate change is the topic of the day.	Climate is the reason of day..	0
Scientists are turning to music to put across their messages: whether informing the public or campaigning.	There is no causality between Scientists and campaigning..	1
Scientists are turning to music to put across their messages: whether informing the public or campaigning.	Scientists is the reason of campaigning..	0
Many old products are exported to developing countries.	There is no causality between Many and countries..	1
Many old products are exported to developing countries.	Many is the reason of countries..	0
Tree bark are protected during construction activities and remodeling, since heavy equipment can damage trees.	There is no causality between Tree and trees..	1
Tree bark are protected during construction activities and remodeling, since heavy equipment can damage trees.	Tree is the reason of trees..	0
Excessive anxiety, worry or fear are among the causes of heart attack.	fear instigated by heart attack	1
Excessive anxiety, worry or fear are among the causes of heart attack.	heart attack instigated by fear	0
Sam, who formerly was a sportsman, and in his apprenticeship used to frequent Barnet races, keeps a high chaise, with a brace of seasoned geldings.	There is no causality between Sam, and geldings..	1
Sam, who formerly was a sportsman, and in his apprenticeship used to frequent Barnet races, keeps a high chaise, with a brace of seasoned geldings.	Sam, is the reason of geldings..	0
Virgin spaceship takes visitors into suborbital space.	There is no causality between Virgin and space..	1
Virgin spaceship takes visitors into suborbital space.	Virgin is the reason of space..	0
Grace did as she was told as Adele poured flour into the liquid mixture.	There is no causality between Grace and mixture..	1
Grace did as she was told as Adele poured flour into the liquid mixture.	Grace is the reason of mixture..	0
Bacteria and comedonal debris cause acne pimples or pustules .	comedonal debris because pustules	1
Bacteria and comedonal debris cause acne pimples or pustules .	pustules because comedonal debris	0
As the compressor on the frig turned on caused a voltage spike on the electrical line, which caused a glitch in the "room commander" system.	a voltage spike caused by a glitch	1
As the compressor on the frig turned on caused a voltage spike on the electrical line, which caused a glitch in the "room commander" system.	a glitch caused by a voltage spike	0
In the author's note to this work he writes about the importance of the play's "Threnodic essence.	There is no causality between In and essence..	1
In the author's note to this work he writes about the importance of the play's "Threnodic essence.	In is the reason of essence..	0
Not only was the manna hidden in the golden pot, but this pot was hidden in the Ark.	There is no causality between Not and Ark..	1
Not only was the manna hidden in the golden pot, but this pot was hidden in the Ark.	Not is the reason of Ark..	0
The key was inside a planter thing we had hanging near the door.	There is no causality between The and door..	1
The key was inside a planter thing we had hanging near the door.	The is the reason of door..	0
The purpose of the audit was to report on the financial statements.	There is no causality between The and statements..	1
The purpose of the audit was to report on the financial statements.	The is the reason of statements..	0
Caryn James, a film critic for The New York Times, has just completed a novel.	There is no causality between Caryn and novel..	1
Caryn James, a film critic for The New York Times, has just completed a novel.	Caryn is the reason of novel..	0
It was a total canaille of letters pencils and papers and things that had been placed once on my table and to be removed and tucked away elsewhere the next day.	There is no causality between It and day..	1
It was a total canaille of letters pencils and papers and things that had been placed once on my table and to be removed and tucked away elsewhere the next day.	It is the reason of day..	0
At their peak on Saturday, 23 September, the powerboat manufacturer sold a new boat every 28 minutes.	There is no causality between At and minutes..	1
At their peak on Saturday, 23 September, the powerboat manufacturer sold a new boat every 28 minutes.	At is the reason of minutes..	0
The ocean exploration is now moving into deeper waters.	There is no causality between The and waters..	1
The ocean exploration is now moving into deeper waters.	The is the reason of waters..	0
We saw that the email had been sent to the customer.	There is no causality between We and customer..	1
We saw that the email had been sent to the customer.	We is the reason of customer..	0
This extensor mechanism is composed chiefly of the quadriceps femoris , quadriceps tendon, patella, and patellar tendon.	There is no causality between This and tendon..	1
This extensor mechanism is composed chiefly of the quadriceps femoris , quadriceps tendon, patella, and patellar tendon.	This is the reason of tendon..	0
Jordan's recent works are concerned with questions of truth, beauty and the human condition.	There is no causality between Jordan's and condition..	1
Jordan's recent works are concerned with questions of truth, beauty and the human condition.	Jordan's is the reason of condition..	0
It is the document repository of extremely valuable archival documents illustrating the history of the Spanish Empire.	There is no causality between It and Empire..	1
It is the document repository of extremely valuable archival documents illustrating the history of the Spanish Empire.	It is the reason of Empire..	0
Takara Plum is a rich, sweet and aromatic plum wine suitable as an aperitif.	There is no causality between Takara and aperitif..	1
Takara Plum is a rich, sweet and aromatic plum wine suitable as an aperitif.	Takara is the reason of aperitif..	0
Foreign minister participated in a high level UN conference on financing for development.	There is no causality between Foreign and development..	1
Foreign minister participated in a high level UN conference on financing for development.	Foreign is the reason of development..	0
The statue was inside a bamboo box.	There is no causality between The and box..	1
The statue was inside a bamboo box.	The is the reason of box..	0
I removed the chemical disposes into the designated area only.	There is no causality between I and only..	1
I removed the chemical disposes into the designated area only.	I is the reason of only..	0
Lenin and the other leaders of the Soviet Union set about repairing the damage caused by the revolution and the civil war.	the civil war instigated by the damage	1
Lenin and the other leaders of the Soviet Union set about repairing the damage caused by the revolution and the civil war.	the damage instigated by the civil war	0
The hive entrances were oriented in different directions and painted with different colors to reduce colony drift of foraging bees.	There is no causality between The and bees..	1
The hive entrances were oriented in different directions and painted with different colors to reduce colony drift of foraging bees.	The is the reason of bees..	0
The performer briefly covers the window with a newspaper or jacket for 5 seconds.	There is no causality between The and seconds..	1
The performer briefly covers the window with a newspaper or jacket for 5 seconds.	The is the reason of seconds..	0
He was sending emails to undisclosed recipients frequently.	There is no causality between He and frequently..	1
He was sending emails to undisclosed recipients frequently.	He is the reason of frequently..	0
The marriage combined the rituals of the Mangalorean bride and the Punjabi groom with the vows being exchanged according to South Indian tradition while pre-wedding rituals like 'Mehendi' and 'Sangeet' conducted as per Punjabi tradition.	There is no causality between The and tradition..	1
The marriage combined the rituals of the Mangalorean bride and the Punjabi groom with the vows being exchanged according to South Indian tradition while pre-wedding rituals like 'Mehendi' and 'Sangeet' conducted as per Punjabi tradition.	The is the reason of tradition..	0
Draining your wash water into an open sump pump was a bad idea.	There is no causality between Draining and idea..	1
Draining your wash water into an open sump pump was a bad idea.	Draining is the reason of idea..	0
In the chambre de offering, where the service bed was placed, immutable persons, such as ambassadors or great lords, whom it was desired to honesty, were received in a more covert dernier cri than the canaille of courtiers.	There is no causality between In and courtiers..	1
In the chambre de offering, where the service bed was placed, immutable persons, such as ambassadors or great lords, whom it was desired to honesty, were received in a more covert dernier cri than the canaille of courtiers.	In is the reason of courtiers..	0
The goal of the study was to determine the percentage of adult Americans who keep money in a regular savings account.	There is no causality between The and account..	1
The goal of the study was to determine the percentage of adult Americans who keep money in a regular savings account.	The is the reason of account..	0
Today most of the world's unreached people live in the jungle of big cities and no longer in the real jungle.	There is no causality between Today and jungle..	1
Today most of the world's unreached people live in the jungle of big cities and no longer in the real jungle.	Today is the reason of jungle..	0
The moving companies transport personal items to your new home.	There is no causality between The and home..	1
The moving companies transport personal items to your new home.	The is the reason of home..	0
This lamp causes serious skin burn and eye inflammation from shortwave ultraviolet radiation when outer envelope of the lamp is broken or punctured.	shortwave ultraviolet radiation cause eye inflammation	1
This lamp causes serious skin burn and eye inflammation from shortwave ultraviolet radiation when outer envelope of the lamp is broken or punctured.	eye inflammation cause shortwave ultraviolet radiation	0
This is the "best time of day for painters to capture the 'inner state' of a landscape".	There is no causality between This and landscape"..	1
This is the "best time of day for painters to capture the 'inner state' of a landscape".	This is the reason of landscape"..	0
I found a bottle with 5 fentermine in it yesterday.	There is no causality between I and yesterday..	1
I found a bottle with 5 fentermine in it yesterday.	I is the reason of yesterday..	0
Bread shortages and mounting poverty cause riots in nearby Paris.	mounting poverty instigated by riots	1
Bread shortages and mounting poverty cause riots in nearby Paris.	riots instigated by mounting poverty	0
The dentate gyrus is a part of the hippocampus, the main memory structure, and has been shown to play a role in the forming of new memories.	There is no causality between The and memories..	1
The dentate gyrus is a part of the hippocampus, the main memory structure, and has been shown to play a role in the forming of new memories.	The is the reason of memories..	0
Of course the proble is Christmas just passed so I've got a brand new pile of unread books to contend with.	There is no causality between Of and with..	1
Of course the proble is Christmas just passed so I've got a brand new pile of unread books to contend with.	Of is the reason of with..	0
I reflected on this while passing a passel of pigeons parading on a Loop sidewalk the other day.	There is no causality between I and day..	1
I reflected on this while passing a passel of pigeons parading on a Loop sidewalk the other day.	I is the reason of day..	0
She received a letter discussing her teaching duties.	There is no causality between She and duties..	1
She received a letter discussing her teaching duties.	She is the reason of duties..	0
The method includes the steps of contacting a bacterial suspension with a single wavelength in the ultra-violet range.	There is no causality between The and range..	1
The method includes the steps of contacting a bacterial suspension with a single wavelength in the ultra-violet range.	The is the reason of range..	0
The new phone has been moved into prototype stage.	There is no causality between The and stage..	1
The new phone has been moved into prototype stage.	The is the reason of stage..	0
Jeans have topstitching that is almost impossible to match.	There is no causality between Jeans and match..	1
Jeans have topstitching that is almost impossible to match.	Jeans is the reason of match..	0
A boy gets his tongue stuck in a canteen.	There is no causality between A and canteen..	1
A boy gets his tongue stuck in a canteen.	A is the reason of canteen..	0
Both her parents wind up accompanying her to the factory, though her mother disapproves of Violet's gum-chewing habit.	There is no causality between Both and habit..	1
Both her parents wind up accompanying her to the factory, though her mother disapproves of Violet's gum-chewing habit.	Both is the reason of habit..	0
Three different storylines are narrated in alternating chapters.	There is no causality between Three and chapters..	1
Three different storylines are narrated in alternating chapters.	Three is the reason of chapters..	0
The user has entered his password into an authorized system.	There is no causality between The and system..	1
The user has entered his password into an authorized system.	The is the reason of system..	0
She opened a fridge in the side of the door and got out a blueberry vodka.	There is no causality between She and vodka..	1
She opened a fridge in the side of the door and got out a blueberry vodka.	She is the reason of vodka..	0
An unofficial technical information has been leaked to the public.	There is no causality between An and public..	1
An unofficial technical information has been leaked to the public.	An is the reason of public..	0
Such a conclusion highlights the importance of environmental concern in understanding and encouraging environmental behavior.	There is no causality between Such and behavior..	1
Such a conclusion highlights the importance of environmental concern in understanding and encouraging environmental behavior.	Such is the reason of behavior..	0
Quasi-static tensile tests were performed on the specimens using a screw driven Instron load frame.	There is no causality between Quasi-static and frame..	1
Quasi-static tensile tests were performed on the specimens using a screw driven Instron load frame.	Quasi-static is the reason of frame..	0
We introduced leak detection dye into the air conditioning.	There is no causality between We and conditioning..	1
We introduced leak detection dye into the air conditioning.	We is the reason of conditioning..	0
He has arranged a new brigade of Irish volunteers.	There is no causality between He and volunteers..	1
He has arranged a new brigade of Irish volunteers.	He is the reason of volunteers..	0
Stroke patients have been entered into hospital for neuroprotection.	There is no causality between Stroke and neuroprotection..	1
Stroke patients have been entered into hospital for neuroprotection.	Stroke is the reason of neuroprotection..	0
This month, the commissioner travels to several remote nations.	There is no causality between This and nations..	1
This month, the commissioner travels to several remote nations.	This is the reason of nations..	0
A pack of the most popular cigarettes in the Seychelles in 2008 cost $15 at purchasing-power parity .	There is no causality between A and ..	1
A pack of the most popular cigarettes in the Seychelles in 2008 cost $15 at purchasing-power parity .	A is the reason of ..	0
It is inherently no less silly to see a king in a pear  than to see a pear in a rabbit, a rabbit in a carafe, a carafe in a clock, and so on and so forth.	There is no causality between It and forth..	1
It is inherently no less silly to see a king in a pear  than to see a pear in a rabbit, a rabbit in a carafe, a carafe in a clock, and so on and so forth.	It is the reason of forth..	0
Since leaving the Bay Area for Brooklyn in 1999, the violinist has constructed a mind-bogglingly disparate body of work.	There is no causality between Since and work..	1
Since leaving the Bay Area for Brooklyn in 1999, the violinist has constructed a mind-bogglingly disparate body of work.	Since is the reason of work..	0
They respond directly to these current vacancies mentioning the job code reference on the subject of the mail.	There is no causality between They and mail..	1
They respond directly to these current vacancies mentioning the job code reference on the subject of the mail.	They is the reason of mail..	0
The thermostat of the refrigerator is fitted on the aluminium evaporator surface.	There is no causality between The and surface..	1
The thermostat of the refrigerator is fitted on the aluminium evaporator surface.	The is the reason of surface..	0
A factory for cars and spareparts was built in Russia.	There is no causality between A and Russia..	1
A factory for cars and spareparts was built in Russia.	A is the reason of Russia..	0
Bellini was not very good though, like they used peach nectar instead of fresh peaches.	There is no causality between Bellini and peaches..	1
Bellini was not very good though, like they used peach nectar instead of fresh peaches.	Bellini is the reason of peaches..	0
The second report assesses the degree of climate policy integration in six different European countries.	There is no causality between The and countries..	1
The second report assesses the degree of climate policy integration in six different European countries.	The is the reason of countries..	0
The EU sent peacekeepers to the Middle Eastern region.	There is no causality between The and region..	1
The EU sent peacekeepers to the Middle Eastern region.	The is the reason of region..	0
The surgeon is part of the team of clinicians participating in a long rehabilitation process.	There is no causality between The and process..	1
The surgeon is part of the team of clinicians participating in a long rehabilitation process.	The is the reason of process..	0
As a term, "fiddle" better indicates the style of music the musician plays on the violin.	There is no causality between As and violin..	1
As a term, "fiddle" better indicates the style of music the musician plays on the violin.	As is the reason of violin..	0
A White House usher prepares the blue room for a luncheon for the European Commission.	There is no causality between A and Commission..	1
A White House usher prepares the blue room for a luncheon for the European Commission.	A is the reason of Commission..	0
There was a pair of odd looking 12" three ways I built for a friend, the woofers were in a box screwed to the back of 4 foot high raindrop-shaped panels which housed the midranges and tweeters.	There is no causality between There and tweeters..	1
There was a pair of odd looking 12" three ways I built for a friend, the woofers were in a box screwed to the back of 4 foot high raindrop-shaped panels which housed the midranges and tweeters.	There is the reason of tweeters..	0
The sun emits light or radiation at a large range of energies or frequencies.	The sun was radiating from radiation	1
The sun emits light or radiation at a large range of energies or frequencies.	radiation was radiating from The sun	0
The sinus rinse went into ear canal.	There is no causality between The and canal..	1
The sinus rinse went into ear canal.	The is the reason of canal..	0
The enemy combatant case has moved into civilian courts.	There is no causality between The and courts..	1
The enemy combatant case has moved into civilian courts.	The is the reason of courts..	0
Higher doses of cocaine cause convulsions, severe maternal weight loss and increased maternal mortality.	cocaine caused by increased maternal mortality	1
Higher doses of cocaine cause convulsions, severe maternal weight loss and increased maternal mortality.	increased maternal mortality caused by cocaine	0
It just so happened that the horse bucked the rider and threw him into a mud-puddle.	There is no causality between It and mud-puddle..	1
It just so happened that the horse bucked the rider and threw him into a mud-puddle.	It is the reason of mud-puddle..	0
This is a very useful volume for anyone interested in the religious in nineteenth and twentieth-century American literature.	There is no causality between This and literature..	1
This is a very useful volume for anyone interested in the religious in nineteenth and twentieth-century American literature.	This is the reason of literature..	0
Norway sent a delegation to the Madagascar government.	There is no causality between Norway and government..	1
Norway sent a delegation to the Madagascar government.	Norway is the reason of government..	0
We minimized excessive flows that cause flooding, bank erosion, and habitat loss.	excessive flows because habitat loss	1
We minimized excessive flows that cause flooding, bank erosion, and habitat loss.	habitat loss because excessive flows	0
The software uses the wrong comment marks for PHP files.	There is no causality between The and files..	1
The software uses the wrong comment marks for PHP files.	The is the reason of files..	0
To test this, we placed a kitchen match in the jar instead of the candle, lit the match, screwed on the lid and dropped the jar.	There is no causality between To and jar..	1
To test this, we placed a kitchen match in the jar instead of the candle, lit the match, screwed on the lid and dropped the jar.	To is the reason of jar..	0
Backpackers are travelling to several countries in a short period of time.	There is no causality between Backpackers and time..	1
Backpackers are travelling to several countries in a short period of time.	Backpackers is the reason of time..	0
These questionnaires were sent to 144 countries.	There is no causality between These and countries..	1
These questionnaires were sent to 144 countries.	These is the reason of countries..	0
We examined mood alterations through physical activity and other interventions.	other interventions because mood alterations	1
We examined mood alterations through physical activity and other interventions.	mood alterations because other interventions	0
So solar thermal power generation works essentially the same as generation from fossil fuels except that instead of using steam produced from the combustion of fossil fuels, the steam is produced by the heat collected from sunlight.	the heat cause the steam	1
So solar thermal power generation works essentially the same as generation from fossil fuels except that instead of using steam produced from the combustion of fossil fuels, the steam is produced by the heat collected from sunlight.	the steam cause the heat	0
This revised edition incorporates new research findings and advances in the treatment of genetic disorders, including gene-directed therapies.	There is no causality between This and therapies..	1
This revised edition incorporates new research findings and advances in the treatment of genetic disorders, including gene-directed therapies.	This is the reason of therapies..	0
They packed the players into the penalty boxes like sardines tonight.	There is no causality between They and tonight..	1
They packed the players into the penalty boxes like sardines tonight.	They is the reason of tonight..	0
I've never seen anything like it in my life: they have a whole town of prarie dogs.	There is no causality between I've and dogs..	1
I've never seen anything like it in my life: they have a whole town of prarie dogs.	I've is the reason of dogs..	0
Birds with eyes on the sides of their heads have a wide visual field, while birds with eyes on the front of their heads, such as owls, have binocular vision.	There is no causality between Birds and vision..	1
Birds with eyes on the sides of their heads have a wide visual field, while birds with eyes on the front of their heads, such as owls, have binocular vision.	Birds is the reason of vision..	0
The programme of events has been organised around five main themes.	There is no causality between The and themes..	1
The programme of events has been organised around five main themes.	The is the reason of themes..	0
I've got the world in a jug, the stopper's in my hand.	There is no causality between I've and hand..	1
I've got the world in a jug, the stopper's in my hand.	I've is the reason of hand..	0
One examination paper was in physical geography, the other in political geography.	There is no causality between One and geography..	1
One examination paper was in physical geography, the other in political geography.	One is the reason of geography..	0
Fuller's is a brewer of distinguished, prize-winning British ales crafted with over 150 years of pride and tradition.	There is no causality between Fuller's and tradition..	1
Fuller's is a brewer of distinguished, prize-winning British ales crafted with over 150 years of pride and tradition.	Fuller's is the reason of tradition..	0
Over the six years, this club donated a large amount of money to local children's charities and families.	There is no causality between Over and families..	1
Over the six years, this club donated a large amount of money to local children's charities and families.	Over is the reason of families..	0
At one point in desperation, I poured flour into my great aunt's hand and measured how much it could hold.	There is no causality between At and hold..	1
At one point in desperation, I poured flour into my great aunt's hand and measured how much it could hold.	At is the reason of hold..	0
In this section there are examples comparing possessive adjectives and pronouns.	There is no causality between In and pronouns..	1
In this section there are examples comparing possessive adjectives and pronouns.	In is the reason of pronouns..	0
The fortress has 6 bastions and 4 gates.	There is no causality between The and gates..	1
The fortress has 6 bastions and 4 gates.	The is the reason of gates..	0
Inside the car, keys were found in the ignition and Codario-Ferrino's license was discovered inside a purse on the passenger's seat.	There is no causality between Inside and seat..	1
Inside the car, keys were found in the ignition and Codario-Ferrino's license was discovered inside a purse on the passenger's seat.	Inside is the reason of seat..	0
When she had her last surgery in March, her grandma got her a suitcase with new pajamas in it.	There is no causality between When and it..	1
When she had her last surgery in March, her grandma got her a suitcase with new pajamas in it.	When is the reason of it..	0
Losing land to new white settlers, non-payment, past broken treaties, plus food shortages and famine following crop failure led to great discontent among the Dakota people.	crop failure from famine	1
Losing land to new white settlers, non-payment, past broken treaties, plus food shortages and famine following crop failure led to great discontent among the Dakota people.	famine from crop failure	0
The first point of his statement has relation to the house.	There is no causality between The and house..	1
The first point of his statement has relation to the house.	The is the reason of house..	0
The pliers belong to John's electrician.	There is no causality between The and electrician..	1
The pliers belong to John's electrician.	The is the reason of electrician..	0
Construction worker carrying a wooden plank on his shoulder.	There is no causality between Construction and shoulder..	1
Construction worker carrying a wooden plank on his shoulder.	Construction is the reason of shoulder..	0
Pierre stood, breathing heavily, as the screw of the press caught at her hair and dragged her in.	There is no causality between Pierre and in..	1
Pierre stood, breathing heavily, as the screw of the press caught at her hair and dragged her in.	Pierre is the reason of in..	0
Fish use their muscles to move their bodies and fins.	There is no causality between Fish and fins..	1
Fish use their muscles to move their bodies and fins.	Fish is the reason of fins..	0
He decided to pad the heel of shoes with a shock absorbing insole or heel pad.	There is no causality between He and pad..	1
He decided to pad the heel of shoes with a shock absorbing insole or heel pad.	He is the reason of pad..	0
That being said, I do love the game and play it all the time but would appreciate a little less frustration from programming and debugging, and sticking strictly with the frustration that comes from hitting bad shots.	debugging cause a little less frustration	1
That being said, I do love the game and play it all the time but would appreciate a little less frustration from programming and debugging, and sticking strictly with the frustration that comes from hitting bad shots.	a little less frustration cause debugging	0
I had a trash bag full of clothes and a suitcase full of beer.	There is no causality between I and beer..	1
I had a trash bag full of clothes and a suitcase full of beer.	I is the reason of beer..	0
Alcohol, substance abuse and poverty all lead to child abuse.	poverty instigated by child abuse	1
Alcohol, substance abuse and poverty all lead to child abuse.	child abuse instigated by poverty	0
I left Belgium to return to Italy with a suitcase full of items I cannot find here and more importantly with a more positive attitude.	There is no causality between I and attitude..	1
I left Belgium to return to Italy with a suitcase full of items I cannot find here and more importantly with a more positive attitude.	I is the reason of attitude..	0
I suffer from headaches from perfume and any other toxic thing I get to smell.	any other toxic thing caused by headaches	1
I suffer from headaches from perfume and any other toxic thing I get to smell.	headaches caused by any other toxic thing	0
I will need a Stevyn sized box as I have more mucus than an escargotoire of giant African land snails.	There is no causality between I and snails..	1
I will need a Stevyn sized box as I have more mucus than an escargotoire of giant African land snails.	I is the reason of snails..	0
Newer damper designs have been tested to accommodate a cadre of various flanged connection combinations to comply with UL's breakaway requirements.	There is no causality between Newer and requirements..	1
Newer damper designs have been tested to accommodate a cadre of various flanged connection combinations to comply with UL's breakaway requirements.	Newer is the reason of requirements..	0
There are three techniques for properly decanting wine in a carafe.	There is no causality between There and carafe..	1
There are three techniques for properly decanting wine in a carafe.	There is the reason of carafe..	0
A panda moved into the suburban Darwin park.	There is no causality between A and park..	1
A panda moved into the suburban Darwin park.	A is the reason of park..	0
His famous book telling of his explorations is valuable not only for its botanical and ethnological record but also for its poetry and narrative.	There is no causality between His and narrative..	1
His famous book telling of his explorations is valuable not only for its botanical and ethnological record but also for its poetry and narrative.	His is the reason of narrative..	0
His speech outlined urgent measures for stimulating the economy.	There is no causality between His and economy..	1
His speech outlined urgent measures for stimulating the economy.	His is the reason of economy..	0
In the early years of the Monarchy there was only one legion of 3000 infantrymen  and 300 cavalry.	There is no causality between In and cavalry..	1
In the early years of the Monarchy there was only one legion of 3000 infantrymen  and 300 cavalry.	In is the reason of cavalry..	0
A less well-known debate swirls about patent and antitrust law interactions.	There is no causality between A and interactions..	1
A less well-known debate swirls about patent and antitrust law interactions.	A is the reason of interactions..	0
The first part teaches the alphabet along with a fruit or vegetable.	There is no causality between The and vegetable..	1
The first part teaches the alphabet along with a fruit or vegetable.	The is the reason of vegetable..	0
Lollapalooza is an annual music festival featuring alternative rock, hip hop, and punk rock bands, dance and comedy performances, and craft booths.	There is no causality between Lollapalooza and booths..	1
Lollapalooza is an annual music festival featuring alternative rock, hip hop, and punk rock bands, dance and comedy performances, and craft booths.	Lollapalooza is the reason of booths..	0
China sent the premier to the meeting on the climate change.	There is no causality between China and change..	1
China sent the premier to the meeting on the climate change.	China is the reason of change..	0
Feminist science fiction tends to deal with women's roles in society.	There is no causality between Feminist and society..	1
Feminist science fiction tends to deal with women's roles in society.	Feminist is the reason of society..	0
Transport authorities in the Western Cape have warned of hefty fines for motorists who ignore dedicated lane for buses and minibus taxis on the road.	There is no causality between Transport and road..	1
Transport authorities in the Western Cape have warned of hefty fines for motorists who ignore dedicated lane for buses and minibus taxis on the road.	Transport is the reason of road..	0
I conducted a training seminar on energy efficiency best practices for engineers at the Pune Municipal Corporation.	There is no causality between I and Corporation..	1
I conducted a training seminar on energy efficiency best practices for engineers at the Pune Municipal Corporation.	I is the reason of Corporation..	0
As the train left the station a cool Spring rain pelted the windows.	There is no causality between As and windows..	1
As the train left the station a cool Spring rain pelted the windows.	As is the reason of windows..	0
Lycophytes are vascular plants in the class Lycopodiopsida, a division of vascular plants known as Pteridophytes .	There is no causality between Lycophytes and ..	1
Lycophytes are vascular plants in the class Lycopodiopsida, a division of vascular plants known as Pteridophytes .	Lycophytes is the reason of ..	0
CN Railway labour dispute goes into arbitration.	There is no causality between CN and arbitration..	1
CN Railway labour dispute goes into arbitration.	CN is the reason of arbitration..	0
He directed his criticism at media coverage of the Catholic Church.	There is no causality between He and Church..	1
He directed his criticism at media coverage of the Catholic Church.	He is the reason of Church..	0
Defense contracts have been awarded to the region since 2005.	There is no causality between Defense and 2005..	1
Defense contracts have been awarded to the region since 2005.	Defense is the reason of 2005..	0
A phalanx of umbrellas followed the casket toward the gravesite.	There is no causality between A and gravesite..	1
A phalanx of umbrellas followed the casket toward the gravesite.	A is the reason of gravesite..	0
The government and some private companies hold stakes in this export company.	There is no causality between The and company..	1
The government and some private companies hold stakes in this export company.	The is the reason of company..	0
A new computer aimed at people aged over 60 aims to inspire a whole new wave of silver surfers.	There is no causality between A and surfers..	1
A new computer aimed at people aged over 60 aims to inspire a whole new wave of silver surfers.	A is the reason of surfers..	0
Continuous improvement starts with measuring process performance, and instigating a robust process for reviewing further changes logically and quickly.	instigating a robust process caused by Continuous improvement	1
Continuous improvement starts with measuring process performance, and instigating a robust process for reviewing further changes logically and quickly.	Continuous improvement caused by instigating a robust process	0
The nye of pheasants had increased to 23, including four cock birds.	There is no causality between The and birds..	1
The nye of pheasants had increased to 23, including four cock birds.	The is the reason of birds..	0
The number of sheets in a carton varies for large printing sheets.	There is no causality between The and sheets..	1
The number of sheets in a carton varies for large printing sheets.	The is the reason of sheets..	0
The plain HTTP request was sent to an HTTPS port.	There is no causality between The and port..	1
The plain HTTP request was sent to an HTTPS port.	The is the reason of port..	0
The size of the thumbnails is changed with a sliding bar on the upper right corner of the window.	There is no causality between The and window..	1
The size of the thumbnails is changed with a sliding bar on the upper right corner of the window.	The is the reason of window..	0
These companies have delivered new products or service to their clients.	There is no causality between These and clients..	1
These companies have delivered new products or service to their clients.	These is the reason of clients..	0
As an option for extra credit, I read it also and completed a parent's book report for the teacher.	There is no causality between As and teacher..	1
As an option for extra credit, I read it also and completed a parent's book report for the teacher.	As is the reason of teacher..	0
Nepala cabinet held a chilly outdoor meeting on a Mount Everest plateau today.	There is no causality between Nepala and today..	1
Nepala cabinet held a chilly outdoor meeting on a Mount Everest plateau today.	Nepala is the reason of today..	0
There wasn't wireless internet, but a network cord was in the desk.	There is no causality between There and desk..	1
There wasn't wireless internet, but a network cord was in the desk.	There is the reason of desk..	0
The first question concerns the extent and nature of the shocks that buffet the system.	There is no causality between The and system..	1
The first question concerns the extent and nature of the shocks that buffet the system.	The is the reason of system..	0
The alarm has one magnetic switch and operates on a 12-volt battery.	There is no causality between The and battery..	1
The alarm has one magnetic switch and operates on a 12-volt battery.	The is the reason of battery..	0
The sex offfender moved into a new neighborhood.	There is no causality between The and neighborhood..	1
The sex offfender moved into a new neighborhood.	The is the reason of neighborhood..	0
The prosecutors carried guns into the court room.	There is no causality between The and room..	1
The prosecutors carried guns into the court room.	The is the reason of room..	0
The book has as its backdrop the political controversy over euthanasia in Australia, where the author is senior lecturer in the Health Law Program.	There is no causality between The and Program..	1
The book has as its backdrop the political controversy over euthanasia in Australia, where the author is senior lecturer in the Health Law Program.	The is the reason of Program..	0
The precautionary principle insists on certainty that a technology is not harmful before it can be used.	There is no causality between The and used..	1
The precautionary principle insists on certainty that a technology is not harmful before it can be used.	The is the reason of used..	0
The set of hyperreal numbers satisfies the same first order sentences as R.	There is no causality between The and R..	1
The set of hyperreal numbers satisfies the same first order sentences as R.	The is the reason of R..	0
A rhumba of rattlesnakes plagued a village.	There is no causality between A and village..	1
A rhumba of rattlesnakes plagued a village.	A is the reason of village..	0
Well, he's only the creator of possibly the most played computer game ever written.	There is no causality between Well, and written..	1
Well, he's only the creator of possibly the most played computer game ever written.	Well, is the reason of written..	0
The course studies in depth the complex interaction between issues of conflict, security and development.	There is no causality between The and development..	1
The course studies in depth the complex interaction between issues of conflict, security and development.	The is the reason of development..	0
My major disagreement with Lyons concerns the causal part of his theory.	There is no causality between My and theory..	1
My major disagreement with Lyons concerns the causal part of his theory.	My is the reason of theory..	0
A busy crew behind the counter assembles the sandwiches with two pieces of fried chicken breast, which are beautifully battered.	There is no causality between A and battered..	1
A busy crew behind the counter assembles the sandwiches with two pieces of fried chicken breast, which are beautifully battered.	A is the reason of battered..	0
In what's become a drug legend, he got woozy, dreamy and saw a kaleidoscope of dancing colours.	There is no causality between In and colours..	1
In what's become a drug legend, he got woozy, dreamy and saw a kaleidoscope of dancing colours.	In is the reason of colours..	0
Every morning / night we have a psittacosis of green parrots doing a couple of loops around our house.	There is no causality between Every and house..	1
Every morning / night we have a psittacosis of green parrots doing a couple of loops around our house.	Every is the reason of house..	0
When I got up there, a woman popped out of an office and introduced herself as the PM's secretary.	There is no causality between When and secretary..	1
When I got up there, a woman popped out of an office and introduced herself as the PM's secretary.	When is the reason of secretary..	0
This study aimed at assessing the processing time of a natural scene in a fast categorization task of its context or 'gist'.	There is no causality between This and 'gist'..	1
This study aimed at assessing the processing time of a natural scene in a fast categorization task of its context or 'gist'.	This is the reason of 'gist'..	0
I carry a spray bottle with 91% isopropanol in it.	There is no causality between I and it..	1
I carry a spray bottle with 91% isopropanol in it.	I is the reason of it..	0
Indeed, a green or black basalt heart scarab was found put inside the body in its place.	There is no causality between Indeed, and place..	1
Indeed, a green or black basalt heart scarab was found put inside the body in its place.	Indeed, is the reason of place..	0
The student association is the voice of the undergraduate student population of the State University of New York at Buffalo.	There is no causality between The and Buffalo..	1
The student association is the voice of the undergraduate student population of the State University of New York at Buffalo.	The is the reason of Buffalo..	0
I have an additional concern about body exposure to any electromagnetic radiation, from computers and cell phones held next to the body.	cell phones instigated by any electromagnetic radiation	1
I have an additional concern about body exposure to any electromagnetic radiation, from computers and cell phones held next to the body.	any electromagnetic radiation instigated by cell phones	0
Starring an unforgettable husk of lively hares, the volume is set to nurture the positive presence of loved ones, - powerful players in the development of emotive resilience... and for the living of dreams.	There is no causality between Starring and dreams..	1
Starring an unforgettable husk of lively hares, the volume is set to nurture the positive presence of loved ones, - powerful players in the development of emotive resilience... and for the living of dreams.	Starring is the reason of dreams..	0
There was also some argumentation between the co-pilot and the pilot and captain relating with the speed and flaps.	There is no causality between There and flaps..	1
There was also some argumentation between the co-pilot and the pilot and captain relating with the speed and flaps.	There is the reason of flaps..	0
Fact Magazine was an American publication that commented on controversial topics.	There is no causality between Fact and topics..	1
Fact Magazine was an American publication that commented on controversial topics.	Fact is the reason of topics..	0
The lawyer was a member of the team.	There is no causality between The and team..	1
The lawyer was a member of the team.	The is the reason of team..	0
One of the Grand Canyon tour guides has a barren of mules for the tourists to ride down into the Canyon.	There is no causality between One and Canyon..	1
One of the Grand Canyon tour guides has a barren of mules for the tourists to ride down into the Canyon.	One is the reason of Canyon..	0
A variety of companies manufacture boPET and other polyester films under different trade names.	There is no causality between A and names..	1
A variety of companies manufacture boPET and other polyester films under different trade names.	A is the reason of names..	0
One approach is to have an ensemble of decision trees with each data site contributing its own local decision tree to the ensemble.	There is no causality between One and ensemble..	1
One approach is to have an ensemble of decision trees with each data site contributing its own local decision tree to the ensemble.	One is the reason of ensemble..	0
The guide depicts the chronological order of electronic music genres' appearance.	There is no causality between The and appearance..	1
The guide depicts the chronological order of electronic music genres' appearance.	The is the reason of appearance..	0
The illusion has been examined in a number of different psychological experiments, and suggested as a basis for other biases.	There is no causality between The and biases..	1
The illusion has been examined in a number of different psychological experiments, and suggested as a basis for other biases.	The is the reason of biases..	0
All the decking on the ramps need to be replaced  because of the damage caused by the misuse of the facility.	the misuse lead to the damage	1
All the decking on the ramps need to be replaced  because of the damage caused by the misuse of the facility.	the damage lead to the misuse	0
Fish gills are multifunctional organs.	There is no causality between Fish and organs..	1
Fish gills are multifunctional organs.	Fish is the reason of organs..	0
This reputation as a cheap filler for blends has meant grain whisky has been overlooked.	There is no causality between This and overlooked..	1
This reputation as a cheap filler for blends has meant grain whisky has been overlooked.	This is the reason of overlooked..	0
You have poured balm into my anxious soul.	There is no causality between You and soul..	1
You have poured balm into my anxious soul.	You is the reason of soul..	0
He stuffed the letter into the breast pocket of his suit and slipped the enclosed DVD into the player.	There is no causality between He and player..	1
He stuffed the letter into the breast pocket of his suit and slipped the enclosed DVD into the player.	He is the reason of player..	0
I saw come out of London, even unto the presence of the prince, a great rabble of mean and light persons.	There is no causality between I and persons..	1
I saw come out of London, even unto the presence of the prince, a great rabble of mean and light persons.	I is the reason of persons..	0
The species in the intestine of the cat is not the same as that found in the mouth of the cat and other animals.	There is no causality between The and animals..	1
The species in the intestine of the cat is not the same as that found in the mouth of the cat and other animals.	The is the reason of animals..	0
The film portrays four girls in a trend-setting clique at a fictional Ohio high school.	There is no causality between The and school..	1
The film portrays four girls in a trend-setting clique at a fictional Ohio high school.	The is the reason of school..	0
>Even way back in the San Francisco earthquake, most of the damage was caused by fire after the earthquake.	the earthquake because fire	1
>Even way back in the San Francisco earthquake, most of the damage was caused by fire after the earthquake.	fire because the earthquake	0
Once they grow there, the swelling and inflammation caused by the infection closes off the sac, bacteria, and protecting the bacteria inside from antibiotics and your body's own immune cells.	the infection because inflammation	1
Once they grow there, the swelling and inflammation caused by the infection closes off the sac, bacteria, and protecting the bacteria inside from antibiotics and your body's own immune cells.	inflammation because the infection	0
In addition to this, subsidies are paid private individuals to keep horses of merit in the stud.	There is no causality between In and stud..	1
In addition to this, subsidies are paid private individuals to keep horses of merit in the stud.	In is the reason of stud..	0
Furthermore, many journals publishing biomedical research demand formal ethical clearance.	There is no causality between Furthermore, and clearance..	1
Furthermore, many journals publishing biomedical research demand formal ethical clearance.	Furthermore, is the reason of clearance..	0
The Sino-U.S. joint statement takes the ties into a positive era.	There is no causality between The and era..	1
The Sino-U.S. joint statement takes the ties into a positive era.	The is the reason of era..	0
Red grape wine is an alcoholic fruit drink of between 10 and 14% alcoholic strength.	There is no causality between Red and strength..	1
Red grape wine is an alcoholic fruit drink of between 10 and 14% alcoholic strength.	Red is the reason of strength..	0
The village also appears in numerous paintings.	There is no causality between The and paintings..	1
The village also appears in numerous paintings.	The is the reason of paintings..	0
In March 1995 the defendant swore an affidavit in which he referred to sales of parts of the farm land and an offer for the Wareham property.	There is no causality between In and property..	1
In March 1995 the defendant swore an affidavit in which he referred to sales of parts of the farm land and an offer for the Wareham property.	In is the reason of property..	0
Technicians quickly prepared the stage for the headliner.	There is no causality between Technicians and headliner..	1
Technicians quickly prepared the stage for the headliner.	Technicians is the reason of headliner..	0
When he arrived at 1 p.m., the poor animal was in a crate for five hours.	There is no causality between When and hours..	1
When he arrived at 1 p.m., the poor animal was in a crate for five hours.	When is the reason of hours..	0
A polarized plug has two blades with one wider than the other.	There is no causality between A and other..	1
A polarized plug has two blades with one wider than the other.	A is the reason of other..	0
Federal dollars flow into Halifax recreational facilities.	There is no causality between Federal and facilities..	1
Federal dollars flow into Halifax recreational facilities.	Federal is the reason of facilities..	0
The house is going into foreclosure.	There is no causality between The and foreclosure..	1
The house is going into foreclosure.	The is the reason of foreclosure..	0
Their music reflected different influences, combining elements of rock and roll, garage rock, folk and psychedelia.	There is no causality between Their and psychedelia..	1
Their music reflected different influences, combining elements of rock and roll, garage rock, folk and psychedelia.	Their is the reason of psychedelia..	0
The committee is an integral part of our organisation.	There is no causality between The and organisation..	1
The committee is an integral part of our organisation.	The is the reason of organisation..	0
It was an elegant book that treats the painter's life and works with reverence.	There is no causality between It and reverence..	1
It was an elegant book that treats the painter's life and works with reverence.	It is the reason of reverence..	0
The new bratpack of boys, be it Ranbir or Imran or Shahid or Neil, are way too 'Chikna' to be taken seriously as action heroes and the slightly senior Abhishek Bachchan, John Abraham and Hrithik Roshan are content playing roles that require sophistication.	There is no causality between The and sophistication..	1
The new bratpack of boys, be it Ranbir or Imran or Shahid or Neil, are way too 'Chikna' to be taken seriously as action heroes and the slightly senior Abhishek Bachchan, John Abraham and Hrithik Roshan are content playing roles that require sophistication.	The is the reason of sophistication..	0
The French Toast was very tasty and the mango cranberry syrup was a nice touch.	There is no causality between The and touch..	1
The French Toast was very tasty and the mango cranberry syrup was a nice touch.	The is the reason of touch..	0
In 1890, the nobleman organized and founded a sports organization, Union des Societes Francaises de Sports Athletiques .	There is no causality between In and ..	1
In 1890, the nobleman organized and founded a sports organization, Union des Societes Francaises de Sports Athletiques .	In is the reason of ..	0
The flux sensor moves a half circle around the filament in order to measure the spatial directivity of each heater.	There is no causality between The and heater..	1
The flux sensor moves a half circle around the filament in order to measure the spatial directivity of each heater.	The is the reason of heater..	0
The banker, who has put up in a Sudder Street hotel, told the sleuths that he had entered India on October 20, 2009.	There is no causality between The and 2009..	1
The banker, who has put up in a Sudder Street hotel, told the sleuths that he had entered India on October 20, 2009.	The is the reason of 2009..	0
Each person's name was in a box.	There is no causality between Each and box..	1
Each person's name was in a box.	Each is the reason of box..	0
Her children have gone into exile.	There is no causality between Her and exile..	1
Her children have gone into exile.	Her is the reason of exile..	0
I've been tempted to buy the cane sugar version for ages, but the shipping cost always stopped me.	There is no causality between I've and me..	1
I've been tempted to buy the cane sugar version for ages, but the shipping cost always stopped me.	I've is the reason of me..	0
A large wading bird rookery of egrets, herons, ibis and anhinga is along the lake edge at the east side of the park.	There is no causality between A and park..	1
A large wading bird rookery of egrets, herons, ibis and anhinga is along the lake edge at the east side of the park.	A is the reason of park..	0
Beatles' peripatetic lifestyle, had quickly become a logistical necessity and a large part of the budget was reputedly spent avoiding the crush of fans.	There is no causality between Beatles' and fans..	1
Beatles' peripatetic lifestyle, had quickly become a logistical necessity and a large part of the budget was reputedly spent avoiding the crush of fans.	Beatles' is the reason of fans..	0
The fit of this jacket is perfect, it is not bulky.	There is no causality between The and bulky..	1
The fit of this jacket is perfect, it is not bulky.	The is the reason of bulky..	0
The first two papers define the contemporary terrorist threat while the next three papers examine global counter-terrorism trends.	There is no causality between The and trends..	1
The first two papers define the contemporary terrorist threat while the next three papers examine global counter-terrorism trends.	The is the reason of trends..	0
The incidents of his travels were related in a succession of books.	There is no causality between The and books..	1
The incidents of his travels were related in a succession of books.	The is the reason of books..	0
The man dropped off the mail into the mailbox.	There is no causality between The and mailbox..	1
The man dropped off the mail into the mailbox.	The is the reason of mailbox..	0
The first parcel he found was a rouleau of fifty dollars, the coins not having burst the paper enveloping them.	There is no causality between The and them..	1
The first parcel he found was a rouleau of fifty dollars, the coins not having burst the paper enveloping them.	The is the reason of them..	0
The size of a tree crown is strongly correlated with the growth of the tree.	There is no causality between The and tree..	1
The size of a tree crown is strongly correlated with the growth of the tree.	The is the reason of tree..	0
My rabbit just had a new litter of rabbits.	There is no causality between My and rabbits..	1
My rabbit just had a new litter of rabbits.	My is the reason of rabbits..	0
The money was stored in red envelopes with Chinese writing.	There is no causality between The and writing..	1
The money was stored in red envelopes with Chinese writing.	The is the reason of writing..	0
Supernatant was removed into a 100 mL polypropylene centrifuge tube.	There is no causality between Supernatant and tube..	1
Supernatant was removed into a 100 mL polypropylene centrifuge tube.	Supernatant is the reason of tube..	0
Radiology is the branch or specialty of medicine that deals with the study and application of imaging technology.	There is no causality between Radiology and technology..	1
Radiology is the branch or specialty of medicine that deals with the study and application of imaging technology.	Radiology is the reason of technology..	0
Various studies have been conducted with regard to the above phenomena.	There is no causality between Various and phenomena..	1
Various studies have been conducted with regard to the above phenomena.	Various is the reason of phenomena..	0
He run the shear form over the nose to continue shaping the nose of the surfboard.	There is no causality between He and surfboard..	1
He run the shear form over the nose to continue shaping the nose of the surfboard.	He is the reason of surfboard..	0
The current study has proved that humans send pollution into the stratosphere.	There is no causality between The and stratosphere..	1
The current study has proved that humans send pollution into the stratosphere.	The is the reason of stratosphere..	0
The quilting tradition in Gee's Bend goes back to the 1800s, when slaves fashioned bedcovers out of strips of cloth.	There is no causality between The and cloth..	1
The quilting tradition in Gee's Bend goes back to the 1800s, when slaves fashioned bedcovers out of strips of cloth.	The is the reason of cloth..	0
Electroconvulsive therapy has been depicted in several fictional and semi-fictional films, books, and songs.	There is no causality between Electroconvulsive and songs..	1
Electroconvulsive therapy has been depicted in several fictional and semi-fictional films, books, and songs.	Electroconvulsive is the reason of songs..	0
At the bottom of the church steps were three brown parishioners; two more were perched precariously on the railing of the deck.	There is no causality between At and deck..	1
At the bottom of the church steps were three brown parishioners; two more were perched precariously on the railing of the deck.	At is the reason of deck..	0
Extending Ninject injects dependencies into action filters.	There is no causality between Extending and filters..	1
Extending Ninject injects dependencies into action filters.	Extending is the reason of filters..	0
The methods mentioned here are analysed in the next section.	There is no causality between The and section..	1
The methods mentioned here are analysed in the next section.	The is the reason of section..	0
Mobile lost in the ocean was found in a cod belly.	There is no causality between Mobile and belly..	1
Mobile lost in the ocean was found in a cod belly.	Mobile is the reason of belly..	0
The weather report informed me about the high wind storm conditions that was already in place.	There is no causality between The and place..	1
The weather report informed me about the high wind storm conditions that was already in place.	The is the reason of place..	0
We carefully poured the hot coffee into a glass cup.	There is no causality between We and cup..	1
We carefully poured the hot coffee into a glass cup.	We is the reason of cup..	0
In the hands of an evil cabal of sadistic murderers who feast on the flesh of their victims, a young woman lashes out in one, last, desperate act of defiance.	There is no causality between In and defiance..	1
In the hands of an evil cabal of sadistic murderers who feast on the flesh of their victims, a young woman lashes out in one, last, desperate act of defiance.	In is the reason of defiance..	0
The harness was in a chest.	There is no causality between The and chest..	1
The harness was in a chest.	The is the reason of chest..	0
The glass tealight holder appears to float inside the metal spiral as it spins in the gentle breeze.	There is no causality between The and breeze..	1
The glass tealight holder appears to float inside the metal spiral as it spins in the gentle breeze.	The is the reason of breeze..	0
The sportsman passed on passion to the younger generation.	There is no causality between The and generation..	1
The sportsman passed on passion to the younger generation.	The is the reason of generation..	0
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody else has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.	There is no causality between Discovery and thought..	1
Discovery consists of seeing what everybody else has seen and thinking what nobody else has thought.	Discovery is the reason of thought..	0
The chimps had tasted cooked food before, which may have influenced the outcome.	There is no causality between The and outcome..	1
The chimps had tasted cooked food before, which may have influenced the outcome.	The is the reason of outcome..	0
The electronic equipment was in a cabinet on the surface and connected to a 3.65-long, 7.9-cm-diameter thermosyphon with one end buried in the ground.	There is no causality between The and ground..	1
The electronic equipment was in a cabinet on the surface and connected to a 3.65-long, 7.9-cm-diameter thermosyphon with one end buried in the ground.	The is the reason of ground..	0
Blade is accepted into the inner circle of hardened criminals who run things inside the prison and is offered a job on his release.	There is no causality between Blade and release..	1
Blade is accepted into the inner circle of hardened criminals who run things inside the prison and is offered a job on his release.	Blade is the reason of release..	0
It opens with a group of diplomats having a discussion around a rectangular table covered with a green cloth.	There is no causality between It and cloth..	1
It opens with a group of diplomats having a discussion around a rectangular table covered with a green cloth.	It is the reason of cloth..	0
These oatmeal cookies are very moist with a good flavor.	There is no causality between These and flavor..	1
These oatmeal cookies are very moist with a good flavor.	These is the reason of flavor..	0
Literary critics have examined many themes in the novel.	There is no causality between Literary and novel..	1
Literary critics have examined many themes in the novel.	Literary is the reason of novel..	0
The exhibition explores the ideas and beliefs of people in the Middle Ages.	There is no causality between The and Ages..	1
The exhibition explores the ideas and beliefs of people in the Middle Ages.	The is the reason of Ages..	0
The English writer, poet, philologist, and university professor was best known as the author of the classic high fantasy works The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings and The Silmarillion.	There is no causality between The and Silmarillion..	1
The English writer, poet, philologist, and university professor was best known as the author of the classic high fantasy works The Hobbit, The Lord of the Rings and The Silmarillion.	The is the reason of Silmarillion..	0
The three fireplaces in the cottage are constructed of random stones with mortar joints raised and rounded.	There is no causality between The and rounded..	1
The three fireplaces in the cottage are constructed of random stones with mortar joints raised and rounded.	The is the reason of rounded..	0
Many professional cartomancers use a regular deck of playing cards for divination.	There is no causality between Many and divination..	1
Many professional cartomancers use a regular deck of playing cards for divination.	Many is the reason of divination..	0
My completed torrent files are going into this folder.	There is no causality between My and folder..	1
My completed torrent files are going into this folder.	My is the reason of folder..	0
Barber's Olympic bobsleigh plans go into meltdown.	There is no causality between Barber's and meltdown..	1
Barber's Olympic bobsleigh plans go into meltdown.	Barber's is the reason of meltdown..	0
It was he who threw rocks into the castle.	There is no causality between It and castle..	1
It was he who threw rocks into the castle.	It is the reason of castle..	0
My second question is regarding the sale of bones and hide of tigers going on in Delhi.	There is no causality between My and Delhi..	1
My second question is regarding the sale of bones and hide of tigers going on in Delhi.	My is the reason of Delhi..	0
I have always felt so relieved that Roy and the boys had left the creek.	There is no causality between I and creek..	1
I have always felt so relieved that Roy and the boys had left the creek.	I is the reason of creek..	0
We sit up for almost an hour before a sounder of boar enter the arena.	There is no causality between We and arena..	1
We sit up for almost an hour before a sounder of boar enter the arena.	We is the reason of arena..	0
Highly durable, the umbrella frame and thatch tiles have been designed to withstand harsh conditions including: strong winds, driving rain and snow.	There is no causality between Highly and snow..	1
Highly durable, the umbrella frame and thatch tiles have been designed to withstand harsh conditions including: strong winds, driving rain and snow.	Highly is the reason of snow..	0
He has been a committee member for Gungarde in Cooktown.	There is no causality between He and Cooktown..	1
He has been a committee member for Gungarde in Cooktown.	He is the reason of Cooktown..	0
The team won the Association's championship with some regularity.	There is no causality between The and regularity..	1
The team won the Association's championship with some regularity.	The is the reason of regularity..	0
Miss Clockheart wears a silver heart around her neck with a clock inside.	There is no causality between Miss and inside..	1
Miss Clockheart wears a silver heart around her neck with a clock inside.	Miss is the reason of inside..	0
Cats, on the other hand, retract their claws when they walk or run.	There is no causality between Cats, and run..	1
Cats, on the other hand, retract their claws when they walk or run.	Cats, is the reason of run..	0
They packed the sketch into a thick stiff cardboard sleeve so that it wouldn't get bent.	There is no causality between They and bent..	1
They packed the sketch into a thick stiff cardboard sleeve so that it wouldn't get bent.	They is the reason of bent..	0
A New York Times food writer fries the potatoes in a mixture of peanut oil and duck fat with bacon added.	There is no causality between A and added..	1
A New York Times food writer fries the potatoes in a mixture of peanut oil and duck fat with bacon added.	A is the reason of added..	0
In the 2006 campaign, the governor won the Hispanic vote with appearances such as one at Casa de Maryland.	There is no causality between In and Maryland..	1
In the 2006 campaign, the governor won the Hispanic vote with appearances such as one at Casa de Maryland.	In is the reason of Maryland..	0
The former president in my company has moved into private equity jobs.	There is no causality between The and jobs..	1
The former president in my company has moved into private equity jobs.	The is the reason of jobs..	0
These germs cause diarrhea, meningitis or a cold.	These germs because a cold	1
These germs cause diarrhea, meningitis or a cold.	a cold because These germs	0
We have injected liquidity into the banking system.	There is no causality between We and system..	1
We have injected liquidity into the banking system.	We is the reason of system..	0
The abridger did his job carefully, and with a fairly good eye for consequential alterations.	There is no causality between The and alterations..	1
The abridger did his job carefully, and with a fairly good eye for consequential alterations.	The is the reason of alterations..	0
Categorical data were misplaced into the wrong category.	There is no causality between Categorical and category..	1
Categorical data were misplaced into the wrong category.	Categorical is the reason of category..	0
The robber was inside the office when the manager decided to take action and escape out the side door.	There is no causality between The and door..	1
The robber was inside the office when the manager decided to take action and escape out the side door.	The is the reason of door..	0
A deposit ages, soil formation, weathering, diagenetic processes, and earthquake shaking lead to cementation of the sediment.	earthquake shaking instigated by cementation	1
A deposit ages, soil formation, weathering, diagenetic processes, and earthquake shaking lead to cementation of the sediment.	cementation instigated by earthquake shaking	0
A few have successfully imported programs into their own computers.	There is no causality between A and computers..	1
A few have successfully imported programs into their own computers.	A is the reason of computers..	0
When a bottle full of honey was weighed, its weight was 1 kilogram.	There is no causality between When and kilogram..	1
When a bottle full of honey was weighed, its weight was 1 kilogram.	When is the reason of kilogram..	0
CSU Stanislaus students take complaints to President's door.	There is no causality between CSU and door..	1
CSU Stanislaus students take complaints to President's door.	CSU is the reason of door..	0
The model accurately predicted the snout lengths of a number of pipefishes.	There is no causality between The and pipefishes..	1
The model accurately predicted the snout lengths of a number of pipefishes.	The is the reason of pipefishes..	0
A program has fetched data into host variable arrays.	There is no causality between A and arrays..	1
A program has fetched data into host variable arrays.	A is the reason of arrays..	0
The melt water has transported sediments into the lake.	There is no causality between The and lake..	1
The melt water has transported sediments into the lake.	The is the reason of lake..	0
The electromagnet has a coil of insulated wire around it, which corresponds to the life energy currents which magnetise our body.	There is no causality between The and body..	1
The electromagnet has a coil of insulated wire around it, which corresponds to the life energy currents which magnetise our body.	The is the reason of body..	0
In the corner there are several gate captains and a legion of Wu crossbowmen.	There is no causality between In and crossbowmen..	1
In the corner there are several gate captains and a legion of Wu crossbowmen.	In is the reason of crossbowmen..	0
The necromancer wields the power of death itself, a power no enemy can stand against.	There is no causality between The and against..	1
The necromancer wields the power of death itself, a power no enemy can stand against.	The is the reason of against..	0
This two-day tutorial introduced astronomers to modern methods in nonparametric statistics.	There is no causality between This and statistics..	1
This two-day tutorial introduced astronomers to modern methods in nonparametric statistics.	This is the reason of statistics..	0
In this poem the poet personifies his city during the last years in which he was able to live there.	There is no causality between In and there..	1
In this poem the poet personifies his city during the last years in which he was able to live there.	In is the reason of there..	0
On the morning of May 25, many schools in northeast China were evacuated because of the earthquake caused by the North Korea nuclear test.	the North Korea nuclear test lead to the earthquake	1
On the morning of May 25, many schools in northeast China were evacuated because of the earthquake caused by the North Korea nuclear test.	the earthquake lead to the North Korea nuclear test	0
This information is part of the 'header' information in the file storage, and is required for proper display and analysis of the images.	There is no causality between This and images..	1
This information is part of the 'header' information in the file storage, and is required for proper display and analysis of the images.	This is the reason of images..	0
A tealight, or nightlight, is a candle used in tea or food warmers or  as a night light.	There is no causality between A and light..	1
A tealight, or nightlight, is a candle used in tea or food warmers or  as a night light.	A is the reason of light..	0
The tortoise that had been picked up the night before was in a box.	There is no causality between The and box..	1
The tortoise that had been picked up the night before was in a box.	The is the reason of box..	0
He has fear from darkness, ghosts, robbers, being alone, of thunder, in the crowd, of death, of disease, of evil, that something may happen.	something instigated by fear	1
He has fear from darkness, ghosts, robbers, being alone, of thunder, in the crowd, of death, of disease, of evil, that something may happen.	fear instigated by something	0
Modern economists have exported equilibrium concepts to political science.	There is no causality between Modern and science..	1
Modern economists have exported equilibrium concepts to political science.	Modern is the reason of science..	0
But the problem requires a broader solution - one that is consistent with the new U.S. commitment to cross-border cooperation.	There is no causality between But and cooperation..	1
But the problem requires a broader solution - one that is consistent with the new U.S. commitment to cross-border cooperation.	But is the reason of cooperation..	0
Highly specialized workers situated alongside a series of rolling ramps built up a product such as  an automobile.	There is no causality between Highly and automobile..	1
Highly specialized workers situated alongside a series of rolling ramps built up a product such as  an automobile.	Highly is the reason of automobile..	0
The review published political commentary and opinion, but even more than that.	There is no causality between The and that..	1
The review published political commentary and opinion, but even more than that.	The is the reason of that..	0
The pain from an ulcer is usually more severe than pain from indigestion, often gnawing in nature, it sometimes goes through to the back.	indigestion cause pain	1
The pain from an ulcer is usually more severe than pain from indigestion, often gnawing in nature, it sometimes goes through to the back.	pain cause indigestion	0
A Devonport resident has discovered a fuel tank in a concrete bunker at North Head.	There is no causality between A and Head..	1
A Devonport resident has discovered a fuel tank in a concrete bunker at North Head.	A is the reason of Head..	0
The very famous Elite agency chose among a pleiad of beauties, the prizes winner of the contest Elite Model World.	There is no causality between The and World..	1
The very famous Elite agency chose among a pleiad of beauties, the prizes winner of the contest Elite Model World.	The is the reason of World..	0
The orchestra was in a box above the stage.	There is no causality between The and stage..	1
The orchestra was in a box above the stage.	The is the reason of stage..	0
$600 billion dollars have been put into the US economy.	There is no causality between $600 and economy..	1
$600 billion dollars have been put into the US economy.	$600 is the reason of economy..	0
Automatic diagnosis has replaced simulation for the correction of simple design errors.	There is no causality between Automatic and errors..	1
Automatic diagnosis has replaced simulation for the correction of simple design errors.	Automatic is the reason of errors..	0
The electricity used for distillery operations has been estimated at 12.9 kWh/tonne cane, with a best available technology rate of 9.6 kWh/tonne cane.	There is no causality between The and cane..	1
The electricity used for distillery operations has been estimated at 12.9 kWh/tonne cane, with a best available technology rate of 9.6 kWh/tonne cane.	The is the reason of cane..	0
George Clooney, Ewan McGregor, Kevin Spacey and Jeff Bridges are in top form in this uproarious tale about a top-secret brigade of psychic soldiers trained in New Age warfare.	There is no causality between George and warfare..	1
George Clooney, Ewan McGregor, Kevin Spacey and Jeff Bridges are in top form in this uproarious tale about a top-secret brigade of psychic soldiers trained in New Age warfare.	George is the reason of warfare..	0
The children ate the cake with a spoon.	There is no causality between The and spoon..	1
The children ate the cake with a spoon.	The is the reason of spoon..	0
The mid-oleic sunflower oil was compared to cottonseed  oil, the "Gold Standard" for frying.	There is no causality between The and frying..	1
The mid-oleic sunflower oil was compared to cottonseed  oil, the "Gold Standard" for frying.	The is the reason of frying..	0
Fortunately the drift of the cattle traffic is eastward, and as yet there has been no propagation of the poison in the great cattle ranges of the West.	There is no causality between Fortunately and West..	1
Fortunately the drift of the cattle traffic is eastward, and as yet there has been no propagation of the poison in the great cattle ranges of the West.	Fortunately is the reason of West..	0
At the end of a long day, the teacher relaxed with a short nap on her sofa.	There is no causality between At and sofa..	1
At the end of a long day, the teacher relaxed with a short nap on her sofa.	At is the reason of sofa..	0
The factory owners have drained polluted water into their paddy fields.	There is no causality between The and fields..	1
The factory owners have drained polluted water into their paddy fields.	The is the reason of fields..	0
Sinusitis and tinnitus cause stress or anxiety.	tinnitus instigated by anxiety	1
Sinusitis and tinnitus cause stress or anxiety.	anxiety instigated by tinnitus	0
The disk and controller were in a box seven feet high and about 20 feet long and 3 feet wide.	There is no causality between The and wide..	1
The disk and controller were in a box seven feet high and about 20 feet long and 3 feet wide.	The is the reason of wide..	0
He noticed a speck of blood on the man's thumb and what he thought were several corresponding drops on the driver's door of the truck.	There is no causality between He and truck..	1
He noticed a speck of blood on the man's thumb and what he thought were several corresponding drops on the driver's door of the truck.	He is the reason of truck..	0
Although big city marathons offer great crowd support and a large camaraderie of runners, running in a big city marathon is not for everyone.	There is no causality between Although and everyone..	1
Although big city marathons offer great crowd support and a large camaraderie of runners, running in a big city marathon is not for everyone.	Although is the reason of everyone..	0
They are afloat in the mid-Atlantic, with a German wolfpack of submarines attacking whenever he blinks.	There is no causality between They and blinks..	1
They are afloat in the mid-Atlantic, with a German wolfpack of submarines attacking whenever he blinks.	They is the reason of blinks..	0
The pepper is added to the salad before serving.	There is no causality between The and serving..	1
The pepper is added to the salad before serving.	The is the reason of serving..	0
The man dug a three-foot-deep fire pit to roast a pig, but somehow fell into the fiery hole.	There is no causality between The and hole..	1
The man dug a three-foot-deep fire pit to roast a pig, but somehow fell into the fiery hole.	The is the reason of hole..	0
A goal is like a mountain outcropping to which a climber throws a grappling hook and pulls themselves up.	There is no causality between A and up..	1
A goal is like a mountain outcropping to which a climber throws a grappling hook and pulls themselves up.	A is the reason of up..	0
The donated money flows into the quake recovery projects.	There is no causality between The and projects..	1
The donated money flows into the quake recovery projects.	The is the reason of projects..	0
Animations are exported to the new Adobe version.	There is no causality between Animations and version..	1
Animations are exported to the new Adobe version.	Animations is the reason of version..	0
Often the message includes a warning regarding a problem related to related to the recipient's account.	There is no causality between Often and account..	1
Often the message includes a warning regarding a problem related to related to the recipient's account.	Often is the reason of account..	0
The Tafawa Balewa Square  in Lagos hosted a galaxy of events with tourism and culture activities as center of attraction.	There is no causality between The and attraction..	1
The Tafawa Balewa Square  in Lagos hosted a galaxy of events with tourism and culture activities as center of attraction.	The is the reason of attraction..	0
Here at Flamingo Gardens we are proud to have the most prolific romp of river otters in the world, and romp they do.	There is no causality between Here and do..	1
Here at Flamingo Gardens we are proud to have the most prolific romp of river otters in the world, and romp they do.	Here is the reason of do..	0
A concise, comprehensive style is- a great ornament in narration; and a superfluity of unnecessary words, altogether improper.	There is no causality between A and improper..	1
A concise, comprehensive style is- a great ornament in narration; and a superfluity of unnecessary words, altogether improper.	A is the reason of improper..	0
A beautiful young girl is going into blissful trance.	There is no causality between A and trance..	1
A beautiful young girl is going into blissful trance.	A is the reason of trance..	0
When a joke driven comedy has weaker jokes, there's nothing behind them.	There is no causality between When and them..	1
When a joke driven comedy has weaker jokes, there's nothing behind them.	When is the reason of them..	0
Small particles, grime and dirt cause friction and microscopic scratches that over time destroy the performance of equipment.	dirt because microscopic scratches	1
Small particles, grime and dirt cause friction and microscopic scratches that over time destroy the performance of equipment.	microscopic scratches because dirt	0
A full written report supplying motives for your action has been prepared.	There is no causality between A and prepared..	1
A full written report supplying motives for your action has been prepared.	A is the reason of prepared..	0
Bella Strings is a professional string ensemble of passionate musicians performing in the greater Orlando area and across Central Florida.	There is no causality between Bella and Florida..	1
Bella Strings is a professional string ensemble of passionate musicians performing in the greater Orlando area and across Central Florida.	Bella is the reason of Florida..	0
The eight-year-old boy was locked in a safe for a prank but had to be rescued when his air ran short.	There is no causality between The and short..	1
The eight-year-old boy was locked in a safe for a prank but had to be rescued when his air ran short.	The is the reason of short..	0
EU is pouring a million into next, next generation mobile.	There is no causality between EU and mobile..	1
EU is pouring a million into next, next generation mobile.	EU is the reason of mobile..	0
To reheat the turkey without drying it out, we placed the slices in a steamer basket set in a pot of simmering water.	There is no causality between To and water..	1
To reheat the turkey without drying it out, we placed the slices in a steamer basket set in a pot of simmering water.	To is the reason of water..	0
The greatest exponent of monounsaturated fat is olive oil, and it is a prime component of the Mediterranean Diet.	There is no causality between The and Diet..	1
The greatest exponent of monounsaturated fat is olive oil, and it is a prime component of the Mediterranean Diet.	The is the reason of Diet..	0
There are many different types of saw blades, each of which is designed for a particular cut.	There is no causality between There and cut..	1
There are many different types of saw blades, each of which is designed for a particular cut.	There is the reason of cut..	0
This time, however, another bird joined the eyrar of black swans, as Dubai-owned subsidiary Dubai World. Oliver Russ. Argonaut Capital Partners.	There is no causality between This and Partners..	1
This time, however, another bird joined the eyrar of black swans, as Dubai-owned subsidiary Dubai World. Oliver Russ. Argonaut Capital Partners.	This is the reason of Partners..	0
The micro-machine was composed of a bulk magnet and a spiral structure.	There is no causality between The and structure..	1
The micro-machine was composed of a bulk magnet and a spiral structure.	The is the reason of structure..	0
The stories also explore cultural norms, social norms, and other aspects of Vietnamese society.	There is no causality between The and society..	1
The stories also explore cultural norms, social norms, and other aspects of Vietnamese society.	The is the reason of society..	0
He had chest pains and headaches from mold in the bedrooms.	mold cause headaches	1
He had chest pains and headaches from mold in the bedrooms.	headaches cause mold	0
The class teacher is part of the school team, ensuring the unit is well integrated into the school, whilst still preserving the Montessori character and method of education.	There is no causality between The and education..	1
The class teacher is part of the school team, ensuring the unit is well integrated into the school, whilst still preserving the Montessori character and method of education.	The is the reason of education..	0
A photograph reminds Frederic about a forgotten childhood memory about a mysterious woman in white a young.	There is no causality between A and young..	1
A photograph reminds Frederic about a forgotten childhood memory about a mysterious woman in white a young.	A is the reason of young..	0
About nine or ten years ago such a glut of parrs visited that part, that for several weeks it was imposible to dip a pail into the sea without taking some.	There is no causality between About and some..	1
About nine or ten years ago such a glut of parrs visited that part, that for several weeks it was imposible to dip a pail into the sea without taking some.	About is the reason of some..	0
The method examines the hypothesis stack of the decoder during recognition and picks the most likely terms before they are pruned.	There is no causality between The and pruned..	1
The method examines the hypothesis stack of the decoder during recognition and picks the most likely terms before they are pruned.	The is the reason of pruned..	0
A man was hidden in the body of the turk itself.	There is no causality between A and itself..	1
A man was hidden in the body of the turk itself.	A is the reason of itself..	0
In the interview Josie speaks about her childhood and family in Dudley.	There is no causality between In and Dudley..	1
In the interview Josie speaks about her childhood and family in Dudley.	In is the reason of Dudley..	0
The towers and battlements of this fortress gleam brilliantly on the rare occasions when the sun appears.	There is no causality between The and appears..	1
The towers and battlements of this fortress gleam brilliantly on the rare occasions when the sun appears.	The is the reason of appears..	0
The sliding bar assembly is attached to the removable panel and the bush is mounted to the panel's stationary support.	There is no causality between The and support..	1
The sliding bar assembly is attached to the removable panel and the bush is mounted to the panel's stationary support.	The is the reason of support..	0
The spring of the gravimeter must extend some more to accommodate the larger weight.	There is no causality between The and weight..	1
The spring of the gravimeter must extend some more to accommodate the larger weight.	The is the reason of weight..	0
Jumbo squids are migrating into new waters, and scientists wonder why.	There is no causality between Jumbo and why..	1
Jumbo squids are migrating into new waters, and scientists wonder why.	Jumbo is the reason of why..	0
The sink was in the desk and I had to wedge myself into the bathroom.	There is no causality between The and bathroom..	1
The sink was in the desk and I had to wedge myself into the bathroom.	The is the reason of bathroom..	0
This subject has over the years become the topic for much discussion.	There is no causality between This and discussion..	1
This subject has over the years become the topic for much discussion.	This is the reason of discussion..	0
The functionalist approach tries to explain the convergence of modern welfare states.	There is no causality between The and states..	1
The functionalist approach tries to explain the convergence of modern welfare states.	The is the reason of states..	0
They were your run-of-the-mill poultry workers and janitors, people whose chief crime was to cross a border, an arbitrarily line that determines who is rich and who is poor, who has rights and who doesn't.	There is no causality between They and doesn't..	1
They were your run-of-the-mill poultry workers and janitors, people whose chief crime was to cross a border, an arbitrarily line that determines who is rich and who is poor, who has rights and who doesn't.	They is the reason of doesn't..	0
A typical passage on these themes is found in the saint's letter to the Christians in the city of Magnesia.	There is no causality between A and Magnesia..	1
A typical passage on these themes is found in the saint's letter to the Christians in the city of Magnesia.	A is the reason of Magnesia..	0
We are aware that acne or pimples are caused by hormonal imbalance, improper skin care or bad eating habits.	bad eating habits instigated by pimples	1
We are aware that acne or pimples are caused by hormonal imbalance, improper skin care or bad eating habits.	pimples instigated by bad eating habits	0
But the man had a bottle with water in it inside the bag, and it was not accidental.	There is no causality between But and accidental..	1
But the man had a bottle with water in it inside the bag, and it was not accidental.	But is the reason of accidental..	0
We've even included a beautiful Royal Scot Crystal Hogget decanter to round off this bountiful banquet in a hamper basket.	There is no causality between We've and basket..	1
We've even included a beautiful Royal Scot Crystal Hogget decanter to round off this bountiful banquet in a hamper basket.	We've is the reason of basket..	0
Works in this exhibition investigate humanity's relationship with the world.	There is no causality between Works and world..	1
Works in this exhibition investigate humanity's relationship with the world.	Works is the reason of world..	0
The dissertations reported on a research project of some kind.	There is no causality between The and kind..	1
The dissertations reported on a research project of some kind.	The is the reason of kind..	0
Libertarianism as discussed in this essay is a theory of political justice.	There is no causality between Libertarianism and justice..	1
Libertarianism as discussed in this essay is a theory of political justice.	Libertarianism is the reason of justice..	0
To preserve its catch of fish, each boat loads between 2000 and 3000 kilos of ice before it goes out to sea.	There is no causality between To and sea..	1
To preserve its catch of fish, each boat loads between 2000 and 3000 kilos of ice before it goes out to sea.	To is the reason of sea..	0
Botulism is a rare but serious paralytic illness caused by a nerve toxin that is produced by the bacterium Clostridium botulinum.	the bacterium Clostridium botulinum caused by a nerve toxin	1
Botulism is a rare but serious paralytic illness caused by a nerve toxin that is produced by the bacterium Clostridium botulinum.	a nerve toxin caused by the bacterium Clostridium botulinum	0
The Beatles' 1967 album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band has a widely-recognized album cover which depicts several dozen celebrities and other images.	There is no causality between The and images..	1
The Beatles' 1967 album Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band has a widely-recognized album cover which depicts several dozen celebrities and other images.	The is the reason of images..	0
For straight cuts, a tile cutter is the best tool for a do-it-yourselfer.	There is no causality between For and do-it-yourselfer..	1
For straight cuts, a tile cutter is the best tool for a do-it-yourselfer.	For is the reason of do-it-yourselfer..	0
It is an eye which never blanched at danger, and it is the boast of his soldiers that he never looked unpityingly upon the sufferings of his followers.	There is no causality between It and followers..	1
It is an eye which never blanched at danger, and it is the boast of his soldiers that he never looked unpityingly upon the sufferings of his followers.	It is the reason of followers..	0
Whatever your choice, that horribly dated Chick Corea electric keyboard tone on the first cut sounds like the player bought his equipment at Toys "R" Us.	There is no causality between Whatever and Us..	1
Whatever your choice, that horribly dated Chick Corea electric keyboard tone on the first cut sounds like the player bought his equipment at Toys "R" Us.	Whatever is the reason of Us..	0
UK-based Master of Malt stocks the finest straight wheat whisky.	There is no causality between UK-based and whisky..	1
UK-based Master of Malt stocks the finest straight wheat whisky.	UK-based is the reason of whisky..	0
Scientists have put sensors into mobile phones.	There is no causality between Scientists and phones..	1
Scientists have put sensors into mobile phones.	Scientists is the reason of phones..	0
The final exam grades are posted to the blackboard.	There is no causality between The and blackboard..	1
The final exam grades are posted to the blackboard.	The is the reason of blackboard..	0
Around 5% of the EU population was born in a third country and as many as one in 12 are living in a country different to the one in which they grew up.	There is no causality between Around and up..	1
Around 5% of the EU population was born in a third country and as many as one in 12 are living in a country different to the one in which they grew up.	Around is the reason of up..	0
This bacteria causes skin infections, colds, or diarrhea.	This bacteria lead to diarrhea	1
This bacteria causes skin infections, colds, or diarrhea.	diarrhea lead to This bacteria	0
Environmentalists, utilities, and green businesses are turning to behavioral economics.	There is no causality between Environmentalists, and economics..	1
Environmentalists, utilities, and green businesses are turning to behavioral economics.	Environmentalists, is the reason of economics..	0
A committee assists the commission with the implementation of the programme.	There is no causality between A and programme..	1
A committee assists the commission with the implementation of the programme.	A is the reason of programme..	0
Putting a first time learner in the driver's seat of a car is a scary proposition.	There is no causality between Putting and proposition..	1
Putting a first time learner in the driver's seat of a car is a scary proposition.	Putting is the reason of proposition..	0
Stroker Serpentine alerted me to a very messy situation this evening involving a huge cache of stolen goods.	There is no causality between Stroker and goods..	1
Stroker Serpentine alerted me to a very messy situation this evening involving a huge cache of stolen goods.	Stroker is the reason of goods..	0
The program assists separating families in high conflict over parenting arrangements.	There is no causality between The and arrangements..	1
The program assists separating families in high conflict over parenting arrangements.	The is the reason of arrangements..	0
Marketing was focused on stimulating existing subscribers to use the telephone more often.	There is no causality between Marketing and often..	1
Marketing was focused on stimulating existing subscribers to use the telephone more often.	Marketing is the reason of often..	0
Most of these films were tackling world issues or had a socio-political background.	There is no causality between Most and background..	1
Most of these films were tackling world issues or had a socio-political background.	Most is the reason of background..	0
Before heading down the phone operator career path, you need to examine whether you possess the skills for this type of position.	There is no causality between Before and position..	1
Before heading down the phone operator career path, you need to examine whether you possess the skills for this type of position.	Before is the reason of position..	0
It has the fourth highest population of slum dwellers among major cities in India.	There is no causality between It and India..	1
It has the fourth highest population of slum dwellers among major cities in India.	It is the reason of India..	0
At this moment, a certain amount of chlorine gas was placed inside a cylinder with a movable piston at one end.	There is no causality between At and end..	1
At this moment, a certain amount of chlorine gas was placed inside a cylinder with a movable piston at one end.	At is the reason of end..	0
Implementation of this proposal is being discussed at the state level.	There is no causality between Implementation and level..	1
Implementation of this proposal is being discussed at the state level.	Implementation is the reason of level..	0
Your Republican tax cut fetish has drained government surpluses into unprecedented deficits.	There is no causality between Your and deficits..	1
Your Republican tax cut fetish has drained government surpluses into unprecedented deficits.	Your is the reason of deficits..	0
To stand up to the wind, umbrella frames are strong yet flexible.	There is no causality between To and flexible..	1
To stand up to the wind, umbrella frames are strong yet flexible.	To is the reason of flexible..	0
This book has been the topic of considerable heated debate, but it is not the intention of this reviewer to enter into this public argument.	There is no causality between This and argument..	1
This book has been the topic of considerable heated debate, but it is not the intention of this reviewer to enter into this public argument.	This is the reason of argument..	0
Biting into the grill-charred, bronze-fleshed Copper River salmon fillet perched on a hill of crisp-tender green beans and roasted fingerling potatoes -- a dribble of mustard vinaigrette around the plate rim the only sauce it wanted -- I was back in San Francisco again.	There is no causality between Biting and again..	1
Biting into the grill-charred, bronze-fleshed Copper River salmon fillet perched on a hill of crisp-tender green beans and roasted fingerling potatoes -- a dribble of mustard vinaigrette around the plate rim the only sauce it wanted -- I was back in San Francisco again.	Biting is the reason of again..	0
A University of Washington system named Hubble looks for these black holes and maps them on a Web site, providing an ever-changing constellation of the Internet's weak points.	There is no causality between A and points..	1
A University of Washington system named Hubble looks for these black holes and maps them on a Web site, providing an ever-changing constellation of the Internet's weak points.	A is the reason of points..	0
In the shoulder joint, the humerus  fits into the socket of the shoulder blade.	There is no causality between In and blade..	1
In the shoulder joint, the humerus  fits into the socket of the shoulder blade.	In is the reason of blade..	0
The Liberian national offered a suitcase full of purported bills.	There is no causality between The and bills..	1
The Liberian national offered a suitcase full of purported bills.	The is the reason of bills..	0
On entering the water the Esprit's wheels turned inwards to reveal four lateral fins and a periscope popped out of the roof.	There is no causality between On and roof..	1
On entering the water the Esprit's wheels turned inwards to reveal four lateral fins and a periscope popped out of the roof.	On is the reason of roof..	0
As discussed in the literature, several experimental problems have not been solved.	There is no causality between As and solved..	1
As discussed in the literature, several experimental problems have not been solved.	As is the reason of solved..	0
This paper offers a reflexive account of secondary analysis focused on the topic of convenience food and choice.	There is no causality between This and choice..	1
This paper offers a reflexive account of secondary analysis focused on the topic of convenience food and choice.	This is the reason of choice..	0
The owl held the mouse in its claw.	There is no causality between The and claw..	1
The owl held the mouse in its claw.	The is the reason of claw..	0
The old man fixed the children with a firm stare.	There is no causality between The and stare..	1
The old man fixed the children with a firm stare.	The is the reason of stare..	0
Each day during the breeding season, the male digs a pit into his mound and sticks his head in.	There is no causality between Each and in..	1
Each day during the breeding season, the male digs a pit into his mound and sticks his head in.	Each is the reason of in..	0
The manor had lands in Old Thame, Moreton and North Weston and property in New Thame.	There is no causality between The and Thame..	1
The manor had lands in Old Thame, Moreton and North Weston and property in New Thame.	The is the reason of Thame..	0
Take Me to the Edge is a British reality series investigating global rites of passage.	There is no causality between Take and passage..	1
Take Me to the Edge is a British reality series investigating global rites of passage.	Take is the reason of passage..	0
The team moved into the championship game.	There is no causality between The and game..	1
The team moved into the championship game.	The is the reason of game..	0
The outfielder needs a glove that is large enough.	There is no causality between The and enough..	1
The outfielder needs a glove that is large enough.	The is the reason of enough..	0
In autumn, a gaggle of tagged Canada geese takes over the waterfront lawn and wild ducks land on the lake.	There is no causality between In and lake..	1
In autumn, a gaggle of tagged Canada geese takes over the waterfront lawn and wild ducks land on the lake.	In is the reason of lake..	0
The play reflects, among other things, questions about the nature of political power and the dilemmas facing royal families.	There is no causality between The and families..	1
The play reflects, among other things, questions about the nature of political power and the dilemmas facing royal families.	The is the reason of families..	0
He published important works on epistemology, as well as works relevant to religion, law, and history.	There is no causality between He and history..	1
He published important works on epistemology, as well as works relevant to religion, law, and history.	He is the reason of history..	0
To perform these exercises, the patient sits in a chair with the elbow supported on the edge of a table or on the arm of the chair.	There is no causality between To and chair..	1
To perform these exercises, the patient sits in a chair with the elbow supported on the edge of a table or on the arm of the chair.	To is the reason of chair..	0
Three types of gesture features have been introduced in previous sections.	There is no causality between Three and sections..	1
Three types of gesture features have been introduced in previous sections.	Three is the reason of sections..	0
I inserted an old tape into my brand new handycam.	There is no causality between I and handycam..	1
I inserted an old tape into my brand new handycam.	I is the reason of handycam..	0
He accidental put oil into the gas tank.	There is no causality between He and tank..	1
He accidental put oil into the gas tank.	He is the reason of tank..	0
The wastewater treatment plant processes the influent using a ultra-violet light system to kill the bacteria prior to outflow.	There is no causality between The and outflow..	1
The wastewater treatment plant processes the influent using a ultra-violet light system to kill the bacteria prior to outflow.	The is the reason of outflow..	0
The museum pieces are moved into federal storage at the famous Washington Museums.	There is no causality between The and Museums..	1
The museum pieces are moved into federal storage at the famous Washington Museums.	The is the reason of Museums..	0
In recent years much work has been invested into a new model of computers.	There is no causality between In and computers..	1
In recent years much work has been invested into a new model of computers.	In is the reason of computers..	0
This range has also been illustrated in the appended diagram.	There is no causality between This and diagram..	1
This range has also been illustrated in the appended diagram.	This is the reason of diagram..	0
I have recently found a little article claiming that music affects our health both improving and worsening it.	There is no causality between I and it..	1
I have recently found a little article claiming that music affects our health both improving and worsening it.	I is the reason of it..	0
The ethmoid forms the medial portions of the orbits and the roof of the nasal cavity.	There is no causality between The and cavity..	1
The ethmoid forms the medial portions of the orbits and the roof of the nasal cavity.	The is the reason of cavity..	0
Calluses are caused by improperly fitting shoes or by a skin abnormality.	a skin abnormality caused by Calluses	1
Calluses are caused by improperly fitting shoes or by a skin abnormality.	Calluses caused by a skin abnormality	0
Joints are parts of the body where bones meet, such as your knee.	There is no causality between Joints and knee..	1
Joints are parts of the body where bones meet, such as your knee.	Joints is the reason of knee..	0
The foundry's major product lines include manhole frames and utility covers, airport castings, drainage products, Trench Grates, hydrant and valve components, and industrial castings.	There is no causality between The and castings..	1
The foundry's major product lines include manhole frames and utility covers, airport castings, drainage products, Trench Grates, hydrant and valve components, and industrial castings.	The is the reason of castings..	0
A seemingly orthodox person has departed into serious error.	There is no causality between A and error..	1
A seemingly orthodox person has departed into serious error.	A is the reason of error..	0
Other stations  have spawned imitation shows.	There is no causality between Other and shows..	1
Other stations  have spawned imitation shows.	Other is the reason of shows..	0
Redwood Canyon is home to the world's largest grove of sequoias.	There is no causality between Redwood and sequoias..	1
Redwood Canyon is home to the world's largest grove of sequoias.	Redwood is the reason of sequoias..	0
The priority of hoisting locations depends on the rig of the vessel.	There is no causality between The and vessel..	1
The priority of hoisting locations depends on the rig of the vessel.	The is the reason of vessel..	0
I solder a wire onto the rivet of the chassis ground truck, run it into the searchlight, and connect the other end of the wire to the rear of the lamp socket.	There is no causality between I and socket..	1
I solder a wire onto the rivet of the chassis ground truck, run it into the searchlight, and connect the other end of the wire to the rear of the lamp socket.	I is the reason of socket..	0
Douglas obeyed the king, and the heart was enclosed in a silver casket.	There is no causality between Douglas and casket..	1
Douglas obeyed the king, and the heart was enclosed in a silver casket.	Douglas is the reason of casket..	0
Warning labels on cigarette packs and ads inform about dangers and, implicitly, to discourage use.	There is no causality between Warning and use..	1
Warning labels on cigarette packs and ads inform about dangers and, implicitly, to discourage use.	Warning is the reason of use..	0
Subsidiary sales companies were also located in Canada, Germany, and Italy, and two factories were producing products in England.	There is no causality between Subsidiary and England..	1
Subsidiary sales companies were also located in Canada, Germany, and Italy, and two factories were producing products in England.	Subsidiary is the reason of England..	0
On a gorgeous Autumn morning, the amble of walkers snaked down Terrace Road to the main entrance on the Great Eastern Highway.	There is no causality between On and Highway..	1
On a gorgeous Autumn morning, the amble of walkers snaked down Terrace Road to the main entrance on the Great Eastern Highway.	On is the reason of Highway..	0
The whole excerpt revolved around one single theme.	There is no causality between The and theme..	1
The whole excerpt revolved around one single theme.	The is the reason of theme..	0
The talk was about peacekeeping operations.	There is no causality between The and operations..	1
The talk was about peacekeeping operations.	The is the reason of operations..	0
Some are just strange such as parliament of owls, a knob of pochards, a cohort of zebras.	There is no causality between Some and zebras..	1
Some are just strange such as parliament of owls, a knob of pochards, a cohort of zebras.	Some is the reason of zebras..	0
The weight of the groceries in a shopping basket and the number of items in a shopping basket are discrete quantities.	There is no causality between The and quantities..	1
The weight of the groceries in a shopping basket and the number of items in a shopping basket are discrete quantities.	The is the reason of quantities..	0
The injury or death was caused by the intoxication and the employee shall be barred from receiving workers' compensation.	the intoxication because death	1
The injury or death was caused by the intoxication and the employee shall be barred from receiving workers' compensation.	death because the intoxication	0
Reporters commented on the crush of candidates compared to the crowd of supporters.	There is no causality between Reporters and supporters..	1
Reporters commented on the crush of candidates compared to the crowd of supporters.	Reporters is the reason of supporters..	0
He places the bolt in the receiver so that it fits under the retaining rail as the bolt handle engages the groove in the bolt.	There is no causality between He and bolt..	1
He places the bolt in the receiver so that it fits under the retaining rail as the bolt handle engages the groove in the bolt.	He is the reason of bolt..	0
My husband returned a $275 cashmere sweater to Jos.	There is no causality between My and Jos..	1
My husband returned a $275 cashmere sweater to Jos.	My is the reason of Jos..	0
Mixed in equal parts with peppermint, Elder flowers help reduce the fevers and aches caused by colds and the flu.	the flu lead to aches	1
Mixed in equal parts with peppermint, Elder flowers help reduce the fevers and aches caused by colds and the flu.	aches lead to the flu	0
The adaptive control literature focuses primarily on adaptive stabilization, adaptive tracking, and model reference adaptive control.	There is no causality between The and control..	1
The adaptive control literature focuses primarily on adaptive stabilization, adaptive tracking, and model reference adaptive control.	The is the reason of control..	0
This level of experience has already been mentioned in the previous chapter.	There is no causality between This and chapter..	1
This level of experience has already been mentioned in the previous chapter.	This is the reason of chapter..	0
Danger is part of the Palestinian journalist's daily routine.	There is no causality between Danger and routine..	1
Danger is part of the Palestinian journalist's daily routine.	Danger is the reason of routine..	0
Ultimately, this began to shake the confidence of people in the union of the provinces.	There is no causality between Ultimately, and provinces..	1
Ultimately, this began to shake the confidence of people in the union of the provinces.	Ultimately, is the reason of provinces..	0
A suitcase with a bomb in it is carried around.	There is no causality between A and around..	1
A suitcase with a bomb in it is carried around.	A is the reason of around..	0
Basic diagrams also work well on the computer screen if they are carefully designed to match the grid of pixels on the screen.	There is no causality between Basic and screen..	1
Basic diagrams also work well on the computer screen if they are carefully designed to match the grid of pixels on the screen.	Basic is the reason of screen..	0
This magazine has thrown together a list of the Top 100 albums between 2000 and 2009.	There is no causality between This and 2009..	1
This magazine has thrown together a list of the Top 100 albums between 2000 and 2009.	This is the reason of 2009..	0
They have thrown mankind into deeper bondage than ever.	There is no causality between They and ever..	1
They have thrown mankind into deeper bondage than ever.	They is the reason of ever..	0
The ear of the mouse was used in this study.	There is no causality between The and study..	1
The ear of the mouse was used in this study.	The is the reason of study..	0
A woman has been placed into the house as well.	There is no causality between A and well..	1
A woman has been placed into the house as well.	A is the reason of well..	0
In other words such people accept a form of mathematical platonists, whether or not they label themselves that way.	There is no causality between In and way..	1
In other words such people accept a form of mathematical platonists, whether or not they label themselves that way.	In is the reason of way..	0
The main theme of the play is ambition and how it can destroy a courageous, trustworthy, noble man.	There is no causality between The and man..	1
The main theme of the play is ambition and how it can destroy a courageous, trustworthy, noble man.	The is the reason of man..	0
I have inserted animation into the e-post card.	There is no causality between I and card..	1
I have inserted animation into the e-post card.	I is the reason of card..	0
In the episode "My Future Self 'n' Me" the boys discover a joint and rolling papers on a tree stump in the woods.	There is no causality between In and woods..	1
In the episode "My Future Self 'n' Me" the boys discover a joint and rolling papers on a tree stump in the woods.	In is the reason of woods..	0
The weapon was hidden in what appears to be a mobile phone.	There is no causality between The and phone..	1
The weapon was hidden in what appears to be a mobile phone.	The is the reason of phone..	0
As a result, pollution from cars is causing serious health problems for Americans.	cars instigated by pollution	1
As a result, pollution from cars is causing serious health problems for Americans.	pollution instigated by cars	0
An old lady was standing at the railing of the cruise ship holding her hat on tight, so that it would not blow off in the wind.	There is no causality between An and wind..	1
An old lady was standing at the railing of the cruise ship holding her hat on tight, so that it would not blow off in the wind.	An is the reason of wind..	0
Two universities entered in collaboration focusing on development of plant biotechnology.	There is no causality between Two and biotechnology..	1
Two universities entered in collaboration focusing on development of plant biotechnology.	Two is the reason of biotechnology..	0
Bon vivants were a subculture of homosexuals who partied in the 50's.	There is no causality between Bon and 50's..	1
Bon vivants were a subculture of homosexuals who partied in the 50's.	Bon is the reason of 50's..	0
Gatrell illuminates the debate over public execution that raged in polite society.	There is no causality between Gatrell and society..	1
Gatrell illuminates the debate over public execution that raged in polite society.	Gatrell is the reason of society..	0
The fire drug was put inside of bamboo tubes and thrown in the fire to be ignited.	There is no causality between The and ignited..	1
The fire drug was put inside of bamboo tubes and thrown in the fire to be ignited.	The is the reason of ignited..	0
Details of new contract were under discussion.	There is no causality between Details and discussion..	1
Details of new contract were under discussion.	Details is the reason of discussion..	0
The summer he was thirteen he organized the neighboring farmer boys into a troop of scouts.	There is no causality between The and scouts..	1
The summer he was thirteen he organized the neighboring farmer boys into a troop of scouts.	The is the reason of scouts..	0
The book was placed into every store within the past few days.	There is no causality between The and days..	1
The book was placed into every store within the past few days.	The is the reason of days..	0
The astronauts used the orbiter boom sensor system mounted on the end of the shuttle's robotic arm.	There is no causality between The and arm..	1
The astronauts used the orbiter boom sensor system mounted on the end of the shuttle's robotic arm.	The is the reason of arm..	0
The limited editions have arrived into our warehouse in time for the release date on Thursday.	There is no causality between The and Thursday..	1
The limited editions have arrived into our warehouse in time for the release date on Thursday.	The is the reason of Thursday..	0
The manufacturers of pyrometers put up an excellent show.	There is no causality between The and show..	1
The manufacturers of pyrometers put up an excellent show.	The is the reason of show..	0
Currently, there is no known cure for asbestos cancer but several mesothelioma treatment regimens have proven to be successful in helping the patient avoid pain and discomfort caused by the disease.	the disease lead to discomfort	1
Currently, there is no known cure for asbestos cancer but several mesothelioma treatment regimens have proven to be successful in helping the patient avoid pain and discomfort caused by the disease.	discomfort lead to the disease	0
The survey documents children's opinions on a wide range of social issues.	There is no causality between The and issues..	1
The survey documents children's opinions on a wide range of social issues.	The is the reason of issues..	0
Global oil prolongation is approaching its peak.	There is no causality between Global and peak..	1
Global oil prolongation is approaching its peak.	Global is the reason of peak..	0
Twice when I was putting on the fully loaded Atlas, the knobs popped out of the frame slots.	There is no causality between Twice and slots..	1
Twice when I was putting on the fully loaded Atlas, the knobs popped out of the frame slots.	Twice is the reason of slots..	0
The contents of the package included one opened individual candy bar wrapper, four unopened candy bar wrappers, one cardboard tray insert, and two cash register receipts.	There is no causality between The and receipts..	1
The contents of the package included one opened individual candy bar wrapper, four unopened candy bar wrappers, one cardboard tray insert, and two cash register receipts.	The is the reason of receipts..	0
Management Unit personnel marked private lines with blue paint.	There is no causality between Management and paint..	1
Management Unit personnel marked private lines with blue paint.	Management is the reason of paint..	0
The mighty chaos warships let down a hailstorm of gunships and drop pods, flooding the planet with vile and corrupted plague marines.	There is no causality between The and marines..	1
The mighty chaos warships let down a hailstorm of gunships and drop pods, flooding the planet with vile and corrupted plague marines.	The is the reason of marines..	0
Astrophysicists have discovered a new explanation for the early composition of our solar system.	There is no causality between Astrophysicists and system..	1
Astrophysicists have discovered a new explanation for the early composition of our solar system.	Astrophysicists is the reason of system..	0
The factory's main products are brandy , wine and vodka.	There is no causality between The and vodka..	1
The factory's main products are brandy , wine and vodka.	The is the reason of vodka..	0
An agreement to limit strategic launchers was reached in Vienna on June 18, 1979.	There is no causality between An and 1979..	1
An agreement to limit strategic launchers was reached in Vienna on June 18, 1979.	An is the reason of 1979..	0
Both goals were addressed, but the primary goal of the street furniture was to enhance the quality of life for people in Phildaelphia and the secondary goal was to increase revenue for the City of Philadelphia.	There is no causality between Both and Philadelphia..	1
Both goals were addressed, but the primary goal of the street furniture was to enhance the quality of life for people in Phildaelphia and the secondary goal was to increase revenue for the City of Philadelphia.	Both is the reason of Philadelphia..	0
In July 2004, the group struck again with bombs at the U.S. and Israeli Embassies.	There is no causality between In and Embassies..	1
In July 2004, the group struck again with bombs at the U.S. and Israeli Embassies.	In is the reason of Embassies..	0
Operation Homefront and partners delivered toys to military children.	There is no causality between Operation and children..	1
Operation Homefront and partners delivered toys to military children.	Operation is the reason of children..	0
The programme reported a sexual relationship between the two that began in the summer of 2008.	There is no causality between The and 2008..	1
The programme reported a sexual relationship between the two that began in the summer of 2008.	The is the reason of 2008..	0
The nape on the male has a turquoise blue wash over the light green base feathers.	There is no causality between The and feathers..	1
The nape on the male has a turquoise blue wash over the light green base feathers.	The is the reason of feathers..	0
With Gary Versace on piano, Gary Hobbs on drums, and Chuck Bergeron on bass, the trio performs with a wide range of artists and ensembles.	There is no causality between With and ensembles..	1
With Gary Versace on piano, Gary Hobbs on drums, and Chuck Bergeron on bass, the trio performs with a wide range of artists and ensembles.	With is the reason of ensembles..	0
Of course the film also takes into account the social factors.	There is no causality between Of and factors..	1
Of course the film also takes into account the social factors.	Of is the reason of factors..	0
The Swedish Society for Eighteenth Century Studies is an interdisciplinary forum for researchers specialized in eighteenth century.	There is no causality between The and century..	1
The Swedish Society for Eighteenth Century Studies is an interdisciplinary forum for researchers specialized in eighteenth century.	The is the reason of century..	0
The actress went into cardiac arrest.	There is no causality between The and arrest..	1
The actress went into cardiac arrest.	The is the reason of arrest..	0
The drug was in a bottle that was not prescribed to her.	There is no causality between The and her..	1
The drug was in a bottle that was not prescribed to her.	The is the reason of her..	0
The inquiry takes the investments into the 21st century.	There is no causality between The and century..	1
The inquiry takes the investments into the 21st century.	The is the reason of century..	0
Only the most ambitious emissions reductions under discussion within UNFCCC achieves climate goals.	There is no causality between Only and goals..	1
Only the most ambitious emissions reductions under discussion within UNFCCC achieves climate goals.	Only is the reason of goals..	0
Most importantly, the increase in BOLD activity in these regions was independent of the motor system that the participants used to express their decision.	There is no causality between Most and decision..	1
Most importantly, the increase in BOLD activity in these regions was independent of the motor system that the participants used to express their decision.	Most is the reason of decision..	0
A pedometer uses a spring loaded arm to measure the vertical movement.	There is no causality between A and movement..	1
A pedometer uses a spring loaded arm to measure the vertical movement.	A is the reason of movement..	0
These documents survey the literature and recommend limits for worker exposure to hazards.	There is no causality between These and hazards..	1
These documents survey the literature and recommend limits for worker exposure to hazards.	These is the reason of hazards..	0
Each student is a participant in a web conferencing session.	There is no causality between Each and session..	1
Each student is a participant in a web conferencing session.	Each is the reason of session..	0
This machine has a memory of 5000 slots and in this memory we can stock 500 customers and products.	There is no causality between This and products..	1
This machine has a memory of 5000 slots and in this memory we can stock 500 customers and products.	This is the reason of products..	0
The explorer journeyed into the Arctic region of the Himalayas, determined to find a copy of the Himis manuscript or to expose the fraud.	There is no causality between The and fraud..	1
The explorer journeyed into the Arctic region of the Himalayas, determined to find a copy of the Himis manuscript or to expose the fraud.	The is the reason of fraud..	0
I saw his piece in The Post this morning, and it is predicated on a bunch of erroneous conclusions.	There is no causality between I and conclusions..	1
I saw his piece in The Post this morning, and it is predicated on a bunch of erroneous conclusions.	I is the reason of conclusions..	0
The tea was in a cup and not as the menu suggested in a pot.	There is no causality between The and pot..	1
The tea was in a cup and not as the menu suggested in a pot.	The is the reason of pot..	0
On March 29, 1984, in the middle of the night, a convoy of moving vans left the Colts' headquarters, headed for Indianapolis.	There is no causality between On and Indianapolis..	1
On March 29, 1984, in the middle of the night, a convoy of moving vans left the Colts' headquarters, headed for Indianapolis.	On is the reason of Indianapolis..	0
It is a 2004 book criticizing the political and linguistic writings of Noam Chomsky.	There is no causality between It and Chomsky..	1
It is a 2004 book criticizing the political and linguistic writings of Noam Chomsky.	It is the reason of Chomsky..	0
The Commission has published an annual report giving a summary of committee activities during the previous year.	There is no causality between The and year..	1
The Commission has published an annual report giving a summary of committee activities during the previous year.	The is the reason of year..	0
At that time, the skull was already locked in a safe along with some other longish bones.	There is no causality between At and bones..	1
At that time, the skull was already locked in a safe along with some other longish bones.	At is the reason of bones..	0
There's a stand of pink flamingos just beyond the mudflats, where the brochure warns people not to venture.	There is no causality between There's and venture..	1
There's a stand of pink flamingos just beyond the mudflats, where the brochure warns people not to venture.	There's is the reason of venture..	0
The microprocessor cluster has been migrated into high-end embedded applications.	There is no causality between The and applications..	1
The microprocessor cluster has been migrated into high-end embedded applications.	The is the reason of applications..	0
The fire is caused by overheating of connections, which is cause by its turn by poor ohmic contact.	poor ohmic contact cause overheating	1
The fire is caused by overheating of connections, which is cause by its turn by poor ohmic contact.	overheating cause poor ohmic contact	0
John Wing used it every time he put a ring into a bore to ensure he wouldn't get a false reading.	There is no causality between John and reading..	1
John Wing used it every time he put a ring into a bore to ensure he wouldn't get a false reading.	John is the reason of reading..	0
This government views science simply as a tool for profit generation.	There is no causality between This and generation..	1
This government views science simply as a tool for profit generation.	This is the reason of generation..	0
Two beautiful sacred kingfishers have come into the discovery centre in the last few days.	There is no causality between Two and days..	1
Two beautiful sacred kingfishers have come into the discovery centre in the last few days.	Two is the reason of days..	0
However several species of fungi, insect, and bacteria cause mortality or reduced growth of the tree.	bacteria cause reduced growth	1
However several species of fungi, insect, and bacteria cause mortality or reduced growth of the tree.	reduced growth cause bacteria	0
Her guardian angel went before her, lighting the road with a headlight-like lantern.	There is no causality between Her and lantern..	1
Her guardian angel went before her, lighting the road with a headlight-like lantern.	Her is the reason of lantern..	0
Higher cane sugar prices are unlikely to have any impact on the price of soft drinks.	There is no causality between Higher and drinks..	1
Higher cane sugar prices are unlikely to have any impact on the price of soft drinks.	Higher is the reason of drinks..	0
The government's plans for the future of community care are outlined in a letter to Professor Graham Thornicroft.	There is no causality between The and Thornicroft..	1
The government's plans for the future of community care are outlined in a letter to Professor Graham Thornicroft.	The is the reason of Thornicroft..	0
The device shown in the figure rotates.	There is no causality between The and rotates..	1
The device shown in the figure rotates.	The is the reason of rotates..	0
A latching device removably secures and sealingly engages a closure around an opening in a cask.	There is no causality between A and cask..	1
A latching device removably secures and sealingly engages a closure around an opening in a cask.	A is the reason of cask..	0
This article deals with a province in Belgium.	There is no causality between This and Belgium..	1
This article deals with a province in Belgium.	This is the reason of Belgium..	0
He bought a gold bracelet for $200.	There is no causality between He and $200..	1
He bought a gold bracelet for $200.	He is the reason of $200..	0
Brent, writing in 1952, accepted much of the classification scheme set out in earlier works.	There is no causality between Brent, and works..	1
Brent, writing in 1952, accepted much of the classification scheme set out in earlier works.	Brent, is the reason of works..	0
The newborn arrived into this world with gifts and talents.	There is no causality between The and talents..	1
The newborn arrived into this world with gifts and talents.	The is the reason of talents..	0
The Dickens Community Archive project marks the bicentenary of the author's birth.	There is no causality between The and birth..	1
The Dickens Community Archive project marks the bicentenary of the author's birth.	The is the reason of birth..	0
We noted the tail of the shark curved to its left side  and moving to its right side .	There is no causality between We and ..	1
We noted the tail of the shark curved to its left side  and moving to its right side .	We is the reason of ..	0
The blue plastic cutting board behind it was in a box lot I bought at an auction.	There is no causality between The and auction..	1
The blue plastic cutting board behind it was in a box lot I bought at an auction.	The is the reason of auction..	0
Their standard variable rates are still under review.	There is no causality between Their and review..	1
Their standard variable rates are still under review.	Their is the reason of review..	0
My apartment complex treated the yard with a poison to kill locusts.	There is no causality between My and locusts..	1
My apartment complex treated the yard with a poison to kill locusts.	My is the reason of locusts..	0
She painted the socket of the bulb with black paint, using a cotton swab.	There is no causality between She and swab..	1
She painted the socket of the bulb with black paint, using a cotton swab.	She is the reason of swab..	0
Production and investigation of such a detector arose from an inadequate sensitivity of a commercial p-type Si detector.	an inadequate sensitivity because investigation	1
Production and investigation of such a detector arose from an inadequate sensitivity of a commercial p-type Si detector.	investigation because an inadequate sensitivity	0
When the cleaner was down in a cistern, the children enjoyed looking down into the cistern to see him work.	There is no causality between When and work..	1
When the cleaner was down in a cistern, the children enjoyed looking down into the cistern to see him work.	When is the reason of work..	0
Cross-network instant messenger service, Meebo, has added games into chatting.	There is no causality between Cross-network and chatting..	1
Cross-network instant messenger service, Meebo, has added games into chatting.	Cross-network is the reason of chatting..	0
For example, a television anchor uses a microphone on their lapel.	There is no causality between For and lapel..	1
For example, a television anchor uses a microphone on their lapel.	For is the reason of lapel..	0
Complementing the unique arsenal is a vibrant world that employs a cel-shaded animation reminiscent of a comic book.	There is no causality between Complementing and book..	1
Complementing the unique arsenal is a vibrant world that employs a cel-shaded animation reminiscent of a comic book.	Complementing is the reason of book..	0
In the book, the main female character is a woman named Messua who adopts Mowgli.	There is no causality between In and Mowgli..	1
In the book, the main female character is a woman named Messua who adopts Mowgli.	In is the reason of Mowgli..	0
They were ready to bake the best darn cakes that ever popped out of an oven.	There is no causality between They and oven..	1
They were ready to bake the best darn cakes that ever popped out of an oven.	They is the reason of oven..	0
The money was put into education and health.	There is no causality between The and health..	1
The money was put into education and health.	The is the reason of health..	0
They chose samples and prepared them for viewing with the electron microscope.	There is no causality between They and microscope..	1
They chose samples and prepared them for viewing with the electron microscope.	They is the reason of microscope..	0
When it was ready, my coffee arrived in a mug instead of to go as I had ordered it.	There is no causality between When and it..	1
When it was ready, my coffee arrived in a mug instead of to go as I had ordered it.	When is the reason of it..	0
The battle has been analysed in various publications.	There is no causality between The and publications..	1
The battle has been analysed in various publications.	The is the reason of publications..	0
The villain sweeps the ceiling with a machine-gun, perforating Milla Jovovich, who is hiding in the ceiling duct.	There is no causality between The and duct..	1
The villain sweeps the ceiling with a machine-gun, perforating Milla Jovovich, who is hiding in the ceiling duct.	The is the reason of duct..	0
This house has a super-sized garage, but I guess this is a super-sized house.	There is no causality between This and house..	1
This house has a super-sized garage, but I guess this is a super-sized house.	This is the reason of house..	0
Our companions have departed into eternity.	There is no causality between Our and eternity..	1
Our companions have departed into eternity.	Our is the reason of eternity..	0
A good off road vehicle is the best tool for a photographer with a sense of adventure.	There is no causality between A and adventure..	1
A good off road vehicle is the best tool for a photographer with a sense of adventure.	A is the reason of adventure..	0
In my case the disk was inside a jewel case which was itself inside the mailing box.	There is no causality between In and box..	1
In my case the disk was inside a jewel case which was itself inside the mailing box.	In is the reason of box..	0
The teacher always assigned students to groups.	There is no causality between The and groups..	1
The teacher always assigned students to groups.	The is the reason of groups..	0
Another reason for the impression of energy and optimism caused by many posters is their very nature as images of propaganda.	many posters from optimism	1
Another reason for the impression of energy and optimism caused by many posters is their very nature as images of propaganda.	optimism from many posters	0
I managed to squeeze decent photos out of an iPhone.	There is no causality between I and iPhone..	1
I managed to squeeze decent photos out of an iPhone.	I is the reason of iPhone..	0
It consists of an ensemble of ladies who are highly qualified to play various Arabic musical instruments.	There is no causality between It and instruments..	1
It consists of an ensemble of ladies who are highly qualified to play various Arabic musical instruments.	It is the reason of instruments..	0
The authors propose galaxy clusters as a tool for cosmology.	There is no causality between The and cosmology..	1
The authors propose galaxy clusters as a tool for cosmology.	The is the reason of cosmology..	0
These observations determine the high spatial resolution stellar kinematics within the nuclei of these galaxies.	There is no causality between These and galaxies..	1
These observations determine the high spatial resolution stellar kinematics within the nuclei of these galaxies.	These is the reason of galaxies..	0
I have placed a new memory card directly into my mobile phone.	There is no causality between I and phone..	1
I have placed a new memory card directly into my mobile phone.	I is the reason of phone..	0
Cervical strain results from the physical stresses of everyday life, including poor posture, muscle tension from psychologic stress or poor sleeping.	poor sleeping cause muscle tension	1
Cervical strain results from the physical stresses of everyday life, including poor posture, muscle tension from psychologic stress or poor sleeping.	muscle tension cause poor sleeping	0
Our civilisation is like a dule of young turkeys who are in danger of losing their marbles.	There is no causality between Our and marbles..	1
Our civilisation is like a dule of young turkeys who are in danger of losing their marbles.	Our is the reason of marbles..	0
Each zone is denoted with an icon indicating how difficult the zone is expected to be to conquer.	There is no causality between Each and conquer..	1
Each zone is denoted with an icon indicating how difficult the zone is expected to be to conquer.	Each is the reason of conquer..	0
The architect carefully designed the 15 rowhouses, reflecting the suburban ideal of the late 1800s.	There is no causality between The and 1800s..	1
The architect carefully designed the 15 rowhouses, reflecting the suburban ideal of the late 1800s.	The is the reason of 1800s..	0
This player has moved to the next round.	There is no causality between This and round..	1
This player has moved to the next round.	This is the reason of round..	0
He had long thrown over the Bismarck tradition, and for him and his Emperor affairs in South-Eastern Europe have long been worth the bones of a legion of Pomeranian grenadiers.	There is no causality between He and grenadiers..	1
He had long thrown over the Bismarck tradition, and for him and his Emperor affairs in South-Eastern Europe have long been worth the bones of a legion of Pomeranian grenadiers.	He is the reason of grenadiers..	0
We assessed the efficacy of a recombinant vaccine consisting of outer-surface protein A  without adjuvant in subjects at risk for Lyme disease.	There is no causality between We and disease..	1
We assessed the efficacy of a recombinant vaccine consisting of outer-surface protein A  without adjuvant in subjects at risk for Lyme disease.	We is the reason of disease..	0
The combined beam forms a picture using a light valve.	There is no causality between The and valve..	1
The combined beam forms a picture using a light valve.	The is the reason of valve..	0
An 18-gauge or 21-gauge Needle Guide Kit was opened and sonoconductive gel was placed inside the sterile sheath.	There is no causality between An and sheath..	1
An 18-gauge or 21-gauge Needle Guide Kit was opened and sonoconductive gel was placed inside the sterile sheath.	An is the reason of sheath..	0
The mast was folded up accordion-style inside a canister that was attached to the side of the main antenna.	There is no causality between The and antenna..	1
The mast was folded up accordion-style inside a canister that was attached to the side of the main antenna.	The is the reason of antenna..	0
The crust of the planet was flooded with melt and the crater tended to erase itself.	There is no causality between The and itself..	1
The crust of the planet was flooded with melt and the crater tended to erase itself.	The is the reason of itself..	0
The surgeon repairs the cartilage with a suture.	There is no causality between The and suture..	1
The surgeon repairs the cartilage with a suture.	The is the reason of suture..	0
My brother has entered my room without knocking.	There is no causality between My and knocking..	1
My brother has entered my room without knocking.	My is the reason of knocking..	0
Since hunger and poverty cause violence and unrest, the solution must be found in other than military action.	poverty instigated by unrest	1
Since hunger and poverty cause violence and unrest, the solution must be found in other than military action.	unrest instigated by poverty	0
The exhibition considers tea's mythic origins in the hills of southern China.	There is no causality between The and China..	1
The exhibition considers tea's mythic origins in the hills of southern China.	The is the reason of China..	0
The hole was found in a piece of the package that was ripped off near its edge.	There is no causality between The and edge..	1
The hole was found in a piece of the package that was ripped off near its edge.	The is the reason of edge..	0
These four superb performers - and at the end it's almost impossible to believe there have been so few of them - present a wordless show that is like a circus of human dreams and nightmares.	There is no causality between These and nightmares..	1
These four superb performers - and at the end it's almost impossible to believe there have been so few of them - present a wordless show that is like a circus of human dreams and nightmares.	These is the reason of nightmares..	0
Her mother copes with that using humor as a shield.	There is no causality between Her and shield..	1
Her mother copes with that using humor as a shield.	Her is the reason of shield..	0
The tonneau cover retracts into a canister.	There is no causality between The and canister..	1
The tonneau cover retracts into a canister.	The is the reason of canister..	0
Outcomes are integrated for the entire developmental disabilities population, including individuals who have multiple diagnoses.	There is no causality between Outcomes and diagnoses..	1
Outcomes are integrated for the entire developmental disabilities population, including individuals who have multiple diagnoses.	Outcomes is the reason of diagnoses..	0
Beneath this invocation there is a zoo of fearsome beasts, including several man-eaters, as well as sphinxes with lions' bodies and human heads.	There is no causality between Beneath and heads..	1
Beneath this invocation there is a zoo of fearsome beasts, including several man-eaters, as well as sphinxes with lions' bodies and human heads.	Beneath is the reason of heads..	0
The best spikes for knights are Hook + Big Weel and Death Strike + Dragon divide.	There is no causality between The and divide..	1
The best spikes for knights are Hook + Big Weel and Death Strike + Dragon divide.	The is the reason of divide..	0
With its hoof the reindeer scrapes away the snow and discovers underneath the reindeer moss.	There is no causality between With and moss..	1
With its hoof the reindeer scrapes away the snow and discovers underneath the reindeer moss.	With is the reason of moss..	0
Two extra-time goals sent the team into the Carling final.	There is no causality between Two and final..	1
Two extra-time goals sent the team into the Carling final.	Two is the reason of final..	0
In a recent emendation, formation of parties on religious basis has been strictly prohibited in Egypt.	There is no causality between In and Egypt..	1
In a recent emendation, formation of parties on religious basis has been strictly prohibited in Egypt.	In is the reason of Egypt..	0
Sea otters often swim with a stone on their stomachs, which they use to crack abalone.	There is no causality between Sea and abalone..	1
Sea otters often swim with a stone on their stomachs, which they use to crack abalone.	Sea is the reason of abalone..	0
The preview of a new Dell laptop has been leaked to this blog.	There is no causality between The and blog..	1
The preview of a new Dell laptop has been leaked to this blog.	The is the reason of blog..	0
At necropsy a heavy infestation of Haematopinus lice was present, along with a polyserositis affecting the right hock, left elbow and peritoneum.	There is no causality between At and peritoneum..	1
At necropsy a heavy infestation of Haematopinus lice was present, along with a polyserositis affecting the right hock, left elbow and peritoneum.	At is the reason of peritoneum..	0
First, the H5N1 virus has caused by far the greatest number of human cases of very severe disease and the greatest number of deaths.	the H5N1 virus instigated by deaths	1
First, the H5N1 virus has caused by far the greatest number of human cases of very severe disease and the greatest number of deaths.	deaths instigated by the H5N1 virus	0
A sluggish cat named Minnie sleeps in a scuttle beside the stove.	There is no causality between A and stove..	1
A sluggish cat named Minnie sleeps in a scuttle beside the stove.	A is the reason of stove..	0
One of them was observing a bask of over 90 mugger crocodiles in the dried beds of Buttuwa Tank.	There is no causality between One and Tank..	1
One of them was observing a bask of over 90 mugger crocodiles in the dried beds of Buttuwa Tank.	One is the reason of Tank..	0
His previous work has explored archetypal and symbolic themes.	There is no causality between His and themes..	1
His previous work has explored archetypal and symbolic themes.	His is the reason of themes..	0
So look out in your gardens for unexpected visitors, including waterbirds such as moorhen, water rail, and snipe, which struggle more than most to find food.	There is no causality between So and food..	1
So look out in your gardens for unexpected visitors, including waterbirds such as moorhen, water rail, and snipe, which struggle more than most to find food.	So is the reason of food..	0
The event queue is used for periodic functions such as performing cache replacement, cleaning swap directories, as well as one-time functions such as ICP query timeouts.	There is no causality between The and timeouts..	1
The event queue is used for periodic functions such as performing cache replacement, cleaning swap directories, as well as one-time functions such as ICP query timeouts.	The is the reason of timeouts..	0
The seed was discovered inside a jar full of the discarded pits of dates during excavations of Masada in the 1960s.	There is no causality between The and 1960s..	1
The seed was discovered inside a jar full of the discarded pits of dates during excavations of Masada in the 1960s.	The is the reason of 1960s..	0
My first dog was in a crate until about a year old.	There is no causality between My and old..	1
My first dog was in a crate until about a year old.	My is the reason of old..	0
The tourism sector is sinking into deeper poverty.	There is no causality between The and poverty..	1
The tourism sector is sinking into deeper poverty.	The is the reason of poverty..	0
This section outlines the duties of the Trust with respect to setting the BBC's editorial standards.	There is no causality between This and standards..	1
This section outlines the duties of the Trust with respect to setting the BBC's editorial standards.	This is the reason of standards..	0
The iron tablets were in a box on the floor.	There is no causality between The and floor..	1
The iron tablets were in a box on the floor.	The is the reason of floor..	0
The session discussed about inter-loans of performance sets.	There is no causality between The and sets..	1
The session discussed about inter-loans of performance sets.	The is the reason of sets..	0
The ovarian tumour was put inside a plastic bag before retrieval.	There is no causality between The and retrieval..	1
The ovarian tumour was put inside a plastic bag before retrieval.	The is the reason of retrieval..	0
The shell encloses a rod having a nickel layer with a phosphorous content.	There is no causality between The and content..	1
The shell encloses a rod having a nickel layer with a phosphorous content.	The is the reason of content..	0
An increased expression of cyclin D1 was seen in our experiments in the lungs of the ferrets supplemented with high dose Beta-carotene.	There is no causality between An and Beta-carotene..	1
An increased expression of cyclin D1 was seen in our experiments in the lungs of the ferrets supplemented with high dose Beta-carotene.	An is the reason of Beta-carotene..	0
A US aircraft was dropped into a difficult landing in Mali.	There is no causality between A and Mali..	1
A US aircraft was dropped into a difficult landing in Mali.	A is the reason of Mali..	0
Thorstein has no choice but to ride to the village of Hof and deal with Thord, the man who struck him with the staff.	There is no causality between Thorstein and staff..	1
Thorstein has no choice but to ride to the village of Hof and deal with Thord, the man who struck him with the staff.	Thorstein is the reason of staff..	0
A constable of ravens is stationed at the Tower of London.	There is no causality between A and London..	1
A constable of ravens is stationed at the Tower of London.	A is the reason of London..	0
The room includes a queen bed, shower and tub and sitting room with sofa bed.	There is no causality between The and bed..	1
The room includes a queen bed, shower and tub and sitting room with sofa bed.	The is the reason of bed..	0
The biggest broadcast was on election eve, when a hookup of twenty-six stations carried Coolidge's speech.	There is no causality between The and speech..	1
The biggest broadcast was on election eve, when a hookup of twenty-six stations carried Coolidge's speech.	The is the reason of speech..	0
But over time, indigenous students have been moving into more specialised and skill-intensive components within disciplines.	There is no causality between But and disciplines..	1
But over time, indigenous students have been moving into more specialised and skill-intensive components within disciplines.	But is the reason of disciplines..	0
The shocking macro-economics numbers have postponed the recovery to next year.	There is no causality between The and year..	1
The shocking macro-economics numbers have postponed the recovery to next year.	The is the reason of year..	0
The purpose of this is to slow or reduce decay in the stem of the tree or limb.	There is no causality between The and limb..	1
The purpose of this is to slow or reduce decay in the stem of the tree or limb.	The is the reason of limb..	0
OVATION is the television network devoted exclusively to the arts, featuring programming on visual arts, theater, opera, music and dance.	There is no causality between OVATION and dance..	1
OVATION is the television network devoted exclusively to the arts, featuring programming on visual arts, theater, opera, music and dance.	OVATION is the reason of dance..	0
The logs sawed smoothly and accurately using either saw design.	There is no causality between The and design..	1
The logs sawed smoothly and accurately using either saw design.	The is the reason of design..	0
I watched with utter amazement as the upholsterer attached the pieces with a hook-and-eye gizmo.	There is no causality between I and gizmo..	1
I watched with utter amazement as the upholsterer attached the pieces with a hook-and-eye gizmo.	I is the reason of gizmo..	0
We sent the hostname to the primary server.	There is no causality between We and server..	1
We sent the hostname to the primary server.	We is the reason of server..	0
Men work inside a caisson while excavating for bridge foundations.	There is no causality between Men and foundations..	1
Men work inside a caisson while excavating for bridge foundations.	Men is the reason of foundations..	0
Spain, Portugal and Greece invested the EU funds into massive road construction projects.	There is no causality between Spain, and projects..	1
Spain, Portugal and Greece invested the EU funds into massive road construction projects.	Spain, is the reason of projects..	0
This is the best armor for knights.	There is no causality between This and knights..	1
This is the best armor for knights.	This is the reason of knights..	0
To that end the rig of the ship and the style of operation have the simplicity.	There is no causality between To and simplicity..	1
To that end the rig of the ship and the style of operation have the simplicity.	To is the reason of simplicity..	0
The dean of the faculty, Rajiv Vohra, is a senior member of the University's academic administration and is directly responsible for the recruitment, retention and development of University faculty, working closely with the dean of medicine and biological sciences, who has those responsibilities within the Division of Biology and Medicine.	There is no causality between The and Medicine..	1
The dean of the faculty, Rajiv Vohra, is a senior member of the University's academic administration and is directly responsible for the recruitment, retention and development of University faculty, working closely with the dean of medicine and biological sciences, who has those responsibilities within the Division of Biology and Medicine.	The is the reason of Medicine..	0
The riders are moved into the beams until the pointer is balanced at the zero point.	There is no causality between The and point..	1
The riders are moved into the beams until the pointer is balanced at the zero point.	The is the reason of point..	0
Dominicans have been protesting against the proposed construction of a cement factory in the protected area of Los Haitises National Park.	There is no causality between Dominicans and Park..	1
Dominicans have been protesting against the proposed construction of a cement factory in the protected area of Los Haitises National Park.	Dominicans is the reason of Park..	0
One of my girlfriends ordered the Lomo de Puerco which was their pork chop in some guava sauce.	There is no causality between One and sauce..	1
One of my girlfriends ordered the Lomo de Puerco which was their pork chop in some guava sauce.	One is the reason of sauce..	0
Carolyn Cooke's stories have been featured in the book.	There is no causality between Carolyn and book..	1
Carolyn Cooke's stories have been featured in the book.	Carolyn is the reason of book..	0
The conversation centers around privacy, contextualization and other issues surrounding our increasingly digital lives.	There is no causality between The and lives..	1
The conversation centers around privacy, contextualization and other issues surrounding our increasingly digital lives.	The is the reason of lives..	0
By avoiding or limiting contact with trash the chance of contracting germs that lead to sickness or disease is decreased.	contracting germs because disease	1
By avoiding or limiting contact with trash the chance of contracting germs that lead to sickness or disease is decreased.	disease because contracting germs	0
A significant portion of head and neck cancers, anal cancers, and cancer of the larynx are caused by the human papillomavirus.	the human papillomavirus caused by cancer	1
A significant portion of head and neck cancers, anal cancers, and cancer of the larynx are caused by the human papillomavirus.	cancer caused by the human papillomavirus	0
The heater inside the car consumed gasoline.	There is no causality between The and gasoline..	1
The heater inside the car consumed gasoline.	The is the reason of gasoline..	0
Baur and Adams found on Albemarle a rookery of white herons.	There is no causality between Baur and herons..	1
Baur and Adams found on Albemarle a rookery of white herons.	Baur is the reason of herons..	0
He's stuffed pork into defense and homeland security.	There is no causality between He's and security..	1
He's stuffed pork into defense and homeland security.	He's is the reason of security..	0
The officers have been placed on administrative leave.	There is no causality between The and leave..	1
The officers have been placed on administrative leave.	The is the reason of leave..	0
One design shows a farmer with a hoe and reads "Genuine Dirt Farmer Descendant".	There is no causality between One and Descendant"..	1
One design shows a farmer with a hoe and reads "Genuine Dirt Farmer Descendant".	One is the reason of Descendant"..	0
Since 1972, when Jewish settler organizations were successful in falsely registering the land with the Israeli Land registrar, the family have suffered the stress and anxiety caused by the constant legal battles involved in fighting for the right to stay in the homes in which many of them were born.	the constant legal battles instigated by anxiety	1
Since 1972, when Jewish settler organizations were successful in falsely registering the land with the Israeli Land registrar, the family have suffered the stress and anxiety caused by the constant legal battles involved in fighting for the right to stay in the homes in which many of them were born.	anxiety instigated by the constant legal battles	0
Another known connector uses the center conductor of the coaxial cable to push out the pin of the connector.	There is no causality between Another and connector..	1
Another known connector uses the center conductor of the coaxial cable to push out the pin of the connector.	Another is the reason of connector..	0
Global digital music sales grow as the music industry develops new business models.	There is no causality between Global and models..	1
Global digital music sales grow as the music industry develops new business models.	Global is the reason of models..	0
He derives great joy and happiness from cycling.	cycling cause happiness	1
He derives great joy and happiness from cycling.	happiness cause cycling	0
Tax cuts for rich are thrown into doubt.	There is no causality between Tax and doubt..	1
Tax cuts for rich are thrown into doubt.	Tax is the reason of doubt..	0
The fins extend beyond the hull of the vessel below the waterline, and alter their angle of attack depending upon heel angle of the vessel.	There is no causality between The and vessel..	1
The fins extend beyond the hull of the vessel below the waterline, and alter their angle of attack depending upon heel angle of the vessel.	The is the reason of vessel..	0
The guard pushes the passports back with a chuckle and ignores them.	There is no causality between The and them..	1
The guard pushes the passports back with a chuckle and ignores them.	The is the reason of them..	0
They preferred having a unit of Russian musketeers or dragoons among the Kalmyks to supplying the Kalmyks with firearms.	There is no causality between They and firearms..	1
They preferred having a unit of Russian musketeers or dragoons among the Kalmyks to supplying the Kalmyks with firearms.	They is the reason of firearms..	0
A filtered wheat beer, Sunshine offers a crisp, refreshing alternative to heavier-bodied heffe-weizens.	There is no causality between A and heffe-weizens..	1
A filtered wheat beer, Sunshine offers a crisp, refreshing alternative to heavier-bodied heffe-weizens.	A is the reason of heffe-weizens..	0
In particular, we missed the way music was a part of the everyday culture in Holland.	There is no causality between In and Holland..	1
In particular, we missed the way music was a part of the everyday culture in Holland.	In is the reason of Holland..	0
The users navigate on a Bloomberg with a special color-coded keyboard.	There is no causality between The and keyboard..	1
The users navigate on a Bloomberg with a special color-coded keyboard.	The is the reason of keyboard..	0
The bacon manufacture is the 74th greatest export of Denmark.	There is no causality between The and Denmark..	1
The bacon manufacture is the 74th greatest export of Denmark.	The is the reason of Denmark..	0
Below you find my ideas with regard to this issue.	There is no causality between Below and issue..	1
Below you find my ideas with regard to this issue.	Below is the reason of issue..	0
To the right of that is a cup with soil inside.	There is no causality between To and inside..	1
To the right of that is a cup with soil inside.	To is the reason of inside..	0
He invested dollars into real estate investment trusts.	There is no causality between He and trusts..	1
He invested dollars into real estate investment trusts.	He is the reason of trusts..	0
U.S. embassy participated in opening of the unique exhibition about general Pika.	There is no causality between U.S. and Pika..	1
U.S. embassy participated in opening of the unique exhibition about general Pika.	U.S. is the reason of Pika..	0
The fable narrates a difference between prehistory and history that is beyond the comprehension of those on either side of the divide.	There is no causality between The and divide..	1
The fable narrates a difference between prehistory and history that is beyond the comprehension of those on either side of the divide.	The is the reason of divide..	0
I feel honored and take great pride in being the president of this society, of this family.	There is no causality between I and family..	1
I feel honored and take great pride in being the president of this society, of this family.	I is the reason of family..	0
An unnamed lifeguard was pushed into the pool.	There is no causality between An and pool..	1
An unnamed lifeguard was pushed into the pool.	An is the reason of pool..	0
We are able to wax any of our wicks with either a paraffin coating or for natural candles a 100% natural wax coating.	There is no causality between We and coating..	1
We are able to wax any of our wicks with either a paraffin coating or for natural candles a 100% natural wax coating.	We is the reason of coating..	0
Now, this reservoir is put into operation.	There is no causality between Now, and operation..	1
Now, this reservoir is put into operation.	Now, is the reason of operation..	0
The Senator donated money to a local charity.	There is no causality between The and charity..	1
The Senator donated money to a local charity.	The is the reason of charity..	0
There was a man with shovel and hoe.	There is no causality between There and hoe..	1
There was a man with shovel and hoe.	There is the reason of hoe..	0
Amendment 4 removed the subsection which applies the measure to partner authorities of local authorities.	There is no causality between Amendment and authorities..	1
Amendment 4 removed the subsection which applies the measure to partner authorities of local authorities.	Amendment is the reason of authorities..	0
As soon as the lumberjack saw the thief, the lumberjack thought that "If I kill him and bring his head to the authorities, I will get a reward.	There is no causality between As and reward..	1
As soon as the lumberjack saw the thief, the lumberjack thought that "If I kill him and bring his head to the authorities, I will get a reward.	As is the reason of reward..	0
Like magic, a covert of coots arrives to feed on whatever there is in the lake bottom.	There is no causality between Like and bottom..	1
Like magic, a covert of coots arrives to feed on whatever there is in the lake bottom.	Like is the reason of bottom..	0
The ghost-ship fleet anchored idle off Singabore is an interesting proxy for the collapse in world trade.	There is no causality between The and trade..	1
The ghost-ship fleet anchored idle off Singabore is an interesting proxy for the collapse in world trade.	The is the reason of trade..	0
The tail is long and thin with a blue central tail feather.	There is no causality between The and feather..	1
The tail is long and thin with a blue central tail feather.	The is the reason of feather..	0
The life of the kathoey kick boxer is related in the 2003 movie Beautiful Boxer.	There is no causality between The and Boxer..	1
The life of the kathoey kick boxer is related in the 2003 movie Beautiful Boxer.	The is the reason of Boxer..	0
The war refuges migrated into the Southern region to avoid battles.	There is no causality between The and battles..	1
The war refuges migrated into the Southern region to avoid battles.	The is the reason of battles..	0
A vehicle has been delivered to the premises of EADS.	There is no causality between A and EADS..	1
A vehicle has been delivered to the premises of EADS.	A is the reason of EADS..	0
A French initiative aimed at tackling childhood obesity is adopted in a town in North Lanarkshire.	There is no causality between A and Lanarkshire..	1
A French initiative aimed at tackling childhood obesity is adopted in a town in North Lanarkshire.	A is the reason of Lanarkshire..	0
The principles on which homoeopathy is based are very different to conventional medical beliefs.	There is no causality between The and beliefs..	1
The principles on which homoeopathy is based are very different to conventional medical beliefs.	The is the reason of beliefs..	0
I also have a full unit of blighted swordsmen and the blessing of vengeance on my to seal shelf.	There is no causality between I and shelf..	1
I also have a full unit of blighted swordsmen and the blessing of vengeance on my to seal shelf.	I is the reason of shelf..	0
Early in the book, the authors review why the groundswell is taking off and how to participate, and they identify the "tools" - blogs, wikis and so on - that drive the groundswell.	There is no causality between Early and groundswell..	1
Early in the book, the authors review why the groundswell is taking off and how to participate, and they identify the "tools" - blogs, wikis and so on - that drive the groundswell.	Early is the reason of groundswell..	0
The World Health Organization co-sponsored a meeting on avian influenza and human pandemic influenza.	There is no causality between The and influenza..	1
The World Health Organization co-sponsored a meeting on avian influenza and human pandemic influenza.	The is the reason of influenza..	0
Obama was adapting the tactic to further the bedrock American principle that everyone deserves a phalanx of lawyers.	There is no causality between Obama and lawyers..	1
Obama was adapting the tactic to further the bedrock American principle that everyone deserves a phalanx of lawyers.	Obama is the reason of lawyers..	0
The boy sculpts a pony out of mud and takes care of it as if it were real.	There is no causality between The and real..	1
The boy sculpts a pony out of mud and takes care of it as if it were real.	The is the reason of real..	0
In two of the cases reported in the media, an older woman's baby was stillborn because of an abnormal placeta, and one of the miscarriages was caused by the umbilical chord encircling the fetus.	the umbilical chord caused by the miscarriages	1
In two of the cases reported in the media, an older woman's baby was stillborn because of an abnormal placeta, and one of the miscarriages was caused by the umbilical chord encircling the fetus.	the miscarriages caused by the umbilical chord	0
The photographer journeyed into America's heartland as a lone artist.	There is no causality between The and artist..	1
The photographer journeyed into America's heartland as a lone artist.	The is the reason of artist..	0
Most of the verses of the plantation songs had some reference to freedom.	There is no causality between Most and freedom..	1
Most of the verses of the plantation songs had some reference to freedom.	Most is the reason of freedom..	0
Employees are the most important part of an organisation.	There is no causality between Employees and organisation..	1
Employees are the most important part of an organisation.	Employees is the reason of organisation..	0
The investigator has released his report on this case to the public.	There is no causality between The and public..	1
The investigator has released his report on this case to the public.	The is the reason of public..	0
The other group name, a rabble of butterflies, is a bit more obscure.	There is no causality between The and obscure..	1
The other group name, a rabble of butterflies, is a bit more obscure.	The is the reason of obscure..	0
The surgeon performs a vasoepididymostomy using an operating microscope.	There is no causality between The and microscope..	1
The surgeon performs a vasoepididymostomy using an operating microscope.	The is the reason of microscope..	0
As a landscape company in Atlanta, we know which plants thrive in this planting zone and know the optimum landscaping designs for local yards and business.	There is no causality between As and business..	1
As a landscape company in Atlanta, we know which plants thrive in this planting zone and know the optimum landscaping designs for local yards and business.	As is the reason of business..	0
A Saudi prisoner escaped an American detention in the desert.	There is no causality between A and desert..	1
A Saudi prisoner escaped an American detention in the desert.	A is the reason of desert..	0
Even the fan blades inside the engine are designed to be quieter.	There is no causality between Even and quieter..	1
Even the fan blades inside the engine are designed to be quieter.	Even is the reason of quieter..	0
Along the way she presents anecdotes illustrating basic business principles.	There is no causality between Along and principles..	1
Along the way she presents anecdotes illustrating basic business principles.	Along is the reason of principles..	0
The aircraft was written off in the accident due to the severe impact caused by the KLM aircraft, and the resulting fire.	the resulting fire caused by written off	1
The aircraft was written off in the accident due to the severe impact caused by the KLM aircraft, and the resulting fire.	written off caused by the resulting fire	0
An MP3 player has an earphone jack and in some cases a "line output" jack, both of which put out audio.	There is no causality between An and audio..	1
An MP3 player has an earphone jack and in some cases a "line output" jack, both of which put out audio.	An is the reason of audio..	0
Either we saw our mothers show fear from bugs, spiders, cockroaches and learned to fear them irrationally.	cockroaches instigated by fear	1
Either we saw our mothers show fear from bugs, spiders, cockroaches and learned to fear them irrationally.	fear instigated by cockroaches	0
iTunes, however, is a different kettle of drums.	There is no causality between iTunes, and drums..	1
iTunes, however, is a different kettle of drums.	iTunes, is the reason of drums..	0
The airstrike also resulted in several secondary explosions, leading Marines at the site to suspect that the house may have contained homemade bombs.	several secondary explosions instigated by suspect	1
The airstrike also resulted in several secondary explosions, leading Marines at the site to suspect that the house may have contained homemade bombs.	suspect instigated by several secondary explosions	0
As time passed, aluminum formed itself into a can, a lid, and a tab.	There is no causality between As and tab..	1
As time passed, aluminum formed itself into a can, a lid, and a tab.	As is the reason of tab..	0
A line is one of the basic terms in geometry.	There is no causality between A and geometry..	1
A line is one of the basic terms in geometry.	A is the reason of geometry..	0
The lioness drank the poisoned water out of grief for the loss of her daughter.	There is no causality between The and daughter..	1
The lioness drank the poisoned water out of grief for the loss of her daughter.	The is the reason of daughter..	0
The Java developer has moved into Weblogic administration.	There is no causality between The and administration..	1
The Java developer has moved into Weblogic administration.	The is the reason of administration..	0
Our cutter has a staysail on a furler.	There is no causality between Our and furler..	1
Our cutter has a staysail on a furler.	Our is the reason of furler..	0
At other times, the researcher approached the data with predetermined categories in mind.	There is no causality between At and mind..	1
At other times, the researcher approached the data with predetermined categories in mind.	At is the reason of mind..	0
The rifle was enclosed in a case, which, in turn, was enclosed in a box.	There is no causality between The and box..	1
The rifle was enclosed in a case, which, in turn, was enclosed in a box.	The is the reason of box..	0
The current crisis was caused by the housing bubble, and the primary cause of the housing bubble was the Federal Reserve keeping interest rates at 1 percent.	the Federal Reserve keeping interest rates due to the housing bubble	1
The current crisis was caused by the housing bubble, and the primary cause of the housing bubble was the Federal Reserve keeping interest rates at 1 percent.	the housing bubble due to the Federal Reserve keeping interest rates	0
The corbel was carved with a contorted face.	There is no causality between The and face..	1
The corbel was carved with a contorted face.	The is the reason of face..	0
The aircraft is landing into the sea.	There is no causality between The and sea..	1
The aircraft is landing into the sea.	The is the reason of sea..	0
194 Bulgarian children participated in the international school competition.	There is no causality between 194 and competition..	1
194 Bulgarian children participated in the international school competition.	194 is the reason of competition..	0
At the same time in this very same region, lived a tribe of Muslim natives known as Almamy.	There is no causality between At and Almamy..	1
At the same time in this very same region, lived a tribe of Muslim natives known as Almamy.	At is the reason of Almamy..	0
It is a fairy story depicting the incredible ugliness of human sin, misery, and futility, yet also the incredible and beautiful power of love.	There is no causality between It and love..	1
It is a fairy story depicting the incredible ugliness of human sin, misery, and futility, yet also the incredible and beautiful power of love.	It is the reason of love..	0
The humanity has migrated into space to settle in an outer solar system.	There is no causality between The and system..	1
The humanity has migrated into space to settle in an outer solar system.	The is the reason of system..	0
The document is stored in the proper folder as a text.	There is no causality between The and text..	1
The document is stored in the proper folder as a text.	The is the reason of text..	0
A metal pipe connects the magnetron to the cooking chamber of the oven.	There is no causality between A and oven..	1
A metal pipe connects the magnetron to the cooking chamber of the oven.	A is the reason of oven..	0
The poor management pushed the workers into depression.	There is no causality between The and depression..	1
The poor management pushed the workers into depression.	The is the reason of depression..	0
As the officer shone his flashlight on the lock he was working on, he spotted a marijuana pipe laying on the floor inside the car.	There is no causality between As and car..	1
As the officer shone his flashlight on the lock he was working on, he spotted a marijuana pipe laying on the floor inside the car.	As is the reason of car..	0
A device consisting of fixed and moving parts that modifies mechanical energy and transmits it in a more useful form.	There is no causality between A and form..	1
A device consisting of fixed and moving parts that modifies mechanical energy and transmits it in a more useful form.	A is the reason of form..	0
We dissolved the contents of one packet in a carafe of water and ran the brew cycle.	There is no causality between We and cycle..	1
We dissolved the contents of one packet in a carafe of water and ran the brew cycle.	We is the reason of cycle..	0
Past consciousness is travelling into the future.	There is no causality between Past and future..	1
Past consciousness is travelling into the future.	Past is the reason of future..	0
Some fish swim in a shoal for protection.	There is no causality between Some and protection..	1
Some fish swim in a shoal for protection.	Some is the reason of protection..	0
They packed saltpetre into thin-size bamboo sticks.	There is no causality between They and sticks..	1
They packed saltpetre into thin-size bamboo sticks.	They is the reason of sticks..	0
This list has been prepared on the basis of records and information available to the secretariat.	There is no causality between This and secretariat..	1
This list has been prepared on the basis of records and information available to the secretariat.	This is the reason of secretariat..	0
These musicians have transported the vibe into the current century.	There is no causality between These and century..	1
These musicians have transported the vibe into the current century.	These is the reason of century..	0
The old cars is migrating into the new residents properties together with the residents.	There is no causality between The and residents..	1
The old cars is migrating into the new residents properties together with the residents.	The is the reason of residents..	0
Extremely dangerous blizzards have moved into the Midwest region.	There is no causality between Extremely and region..	1
Extremely dangerous blizzards have moved into the Midwest region.	Extremely is the reason of region..	0
The newly inaugurated president has delivered speeches to the public.	There is no causality between The and public..	1
The newly inaugurated president has delivered speeches to the public.	The is the reason of public..	0
Our company has entered into the exclusive retail business and plans to open 60 retail stores in the country in the next 5 years.	There is no causality between Our and years..	1
Our company has entered into the exclusive retail business and plans to open 60 retail stores in the country in the next 5 years.	Our is the reason of years..	0
His big slouch hat even was cocked jauntily over the bed post.	There is no causality between His and post..	1
His big slouch hat even was cocked jauntily over the bed post.	His is the reason of post..	0
Another example is the hammered dulcimer, where the player holds the hammers.	There is no causality between Another and hammers..	1
Another example is the hammered dulcimer, where the player holds the hammers.	Another is the reason of hammers..	0
This picture shows a glass blower in one of Hebron's blown glass factories molding the hot glass paste into the bottom of a vase.	There is no causality between This and vase..	1
This picture shows a glass blower in one of Hebron's blown glass factories molding the hot glass paste into the bottom of a vase.	This is the reason of vase..	0
Another misconception I see often is a fuzzy idea of the difference between the copy constructor and the assignment operator.	There is no causality between Another and operator..	1
Another misconception I see often is a fuzzy idea of the difference between the copy constructor and the assignment operator.	Another is the reason of operator..	0
They signed him up and sent him to Dakar, to a regiment of Senegalese infantrymen that was leaving for Verdun in 1917.	There is no causality between They and 1917..	1
They signed him up and sent him to Dakar, to a regiment of Senegalese infantrymen that was leaving for Verdun in 1917.	They is the reason of 1917..	0
The sections of the text that explain the scientific method are interesting and could be applied to most areas of life.	There is no causality between The and life..	1
The sections of the text that explain the scientific method are interesting and could be applied to most areas of life.	The is the reason of life..	0
The school convinced jurors with plans for ground-breaking research programs, such as the Karlsruhe School of Optics and Photonics.	There is no causality between The and Photonics..	1
The school convinced jurors with plans for ground-breaking research programs, such as the Karlsruhe School of Optics and Photonics.	The is the reason of Photonics..	0
Jeff Ma, who was a key member of the infamous MIT blackjack team, notes the turn around of the Oakland A's and the reversal of criticism directed toward GM Billy Beane.	There is no causality between Jeff and Beane..	1
Jeff Ma, who was a key member of the infamous MIT blackjack team, notes the turn around of the Oakland A's and the reversal of criticism directed toward GM Billy Beane.	Jeff is the reason of Beane..	0
A Japanese woman moved into the bloke's closet.	There is no causality between A and closet..	1
A Japanese woman moved into the bloke's closet.	A is the reason of closet..	0
Debate flourishes on the relative roles of the ancient Greeks, Mesopotamians and Romans.	There is no causality between Debate and Romans..	1
Debate flourishes on the relative roles of the ancient Greeks, Mesopotamians and Romans.	Debate is the reason of Romans..	0
Chinese creation myths explain the legendary beginnings of the universe, earth, and life.	There is no causality between Chinese and life..	1
Chinese creation myths explain the legendary beginnings of the universe, earth, and life.	Chinese is the reason of life..	0
Now this laboratory also is part of a larger organisation.	There is no causality between Now and organisation..	1
Now this laboratory also is part of a larger organisation.	Now is the reason of organisation..	0
This page carries a list of some of these conventions.	There is no causality between This and conventions..	1
This page carries a list of some of these conventions.	This is the reason of conventions..	0
One who lives in the area of the Ural Mountains has a possibility of observing a bevy of roebucks.	There is no causality between One and roebucks..	1
One who lives in the area of the Ural Mountains has a possibility of observing a bevy of roebucks.	One is the reason of roebucks..	0
So, in the night, when the men in the fort were asleep, White Fang applied his teeth to the stick that held him.	There is no causality between So, and him..	1
So, in the night, when the men in the fort were asleep, White Fang applied his teeth to the stick that held him.	So, is the reason of him..	0
The necklace was locked in a safe in their room at the Victor Hugo Hotel.	There is no causality between The and Hotel..	1
The necklace was locked in a safe in their room at the Victor Hugo Hotel.	The is the reason of Hotel..	0
I hear it, too, in the lovely expansiveness of his work as a chamber musician.	There is no causality between I and musician..	1
I hear it, too, in the lovely expansiveness of his work as a chamber musician.	I is the reason of musician..	0
The country is sinking into turmoil.	There is no causality between The and turmoil..	1
The country is sinking into turmoil.	The is the reason of turmoil..	0
High winds caused delays and cancellations of some state ferries.	High winds instigated by cancellations	1
High winds caused delays and cancellations of some state ferries.	cancellations instigated by High winds	0
In one of the scenes when Robert and Francessca are talking in front of his truck, a reflection of one of the movie set lights is seen on the hood of the truck.	There is no causality between In and truck..	1
In one of the scenes when Robert and Francessca are talking in front of his truck, a reflection of one of the movie set lights is seen on the hood of the truck.	In is the reason of truck..	0
CENT's hotly anticipated new album has been leaked on to the public.	There is no causality between CENT's and public..	1
CENT's hotly anticipated new album has been leaked on to the public.	CENT's is the reason of public..	0
The brown areas are caused by drought, brown patch, take-all-patch, chinch bugs or grubs.	grubs cause The brown areas	1
The brown areas are caused by drought, brown patch, take-all-patch, chinch bugs or grubs.	The brown areas cause grubs	0
They set the timer on the cooker for three minutes.	There is no causality between They and minutes..	1
They set the timer on the cooker for three minutes.	They is the reason of minutes..	0
Sarah Palin was faced with an angry mob of her own fans who were turned away without having their copies signed.	There is no causality between Sarah and signed..	1
Sarah Palin was faced with an angry mob of her own fans who were turned away without having their copies signed.	Sarah is the reason of signed..	0
The bomb weighing 6kg was inside a box fitted with an electronic detonator.	There is no causality between The and detonator..	1
The bomb weighing 6kg was inside a box fitted with an electronic detonator.	The is the reason of detonator..	0
Once again, the infamous politician has landed into a nepotism controversy.	There is no causality between Once and controversy..	1
Once again, the infamous politician has landed into a nepotism controversy.	Once is the reason of controversy..	0
The man at the helm was watching the luff of the sail and whistling away gently to himself, and that was the only sound excepting the swish of the sea.	There is no causality between The and sea..	1
The man at the helm was watching the luff of the sail and whistling away gently to himself, and that was the only sound excepting the swish of the sea.	The is the reason of sea..	0
A clutter of frightening spiders are seen still clinging to and covering their prey.	There is no causality between A and prey..	1
A clutter of frightening spiders are seen still clinging to and covering their prey.	A is the reason of prey..	0
The disc in a disc music box plays this function, with pins perpendicular to the plane surface.	There is no causality between The and surface..	1
The disc in a disc music box plays this function, with pins perpendicular to the plane surface.	The is the reason of surface..	0
The frog is the environmental indicator of the land, but University of Queensland researchers reckon when it comes to the sea, we should look to the turtle.	There is no causality between The and turtle..	1
The frog is the environmental indicator of the land, but University of Queensland researchers reckon when it comes to the sea, we should look to the turtle.	The is the reason of turtle..	0
The musician performed music in venues around the United States.	There is no causality between The and States..	1
The musician performed music in venues around the United States.	The is the reason of States..	0
The letter was in a chest downstairs in the Kitchen area.	There is no causality between The and area..	1
The letter was in a chest downstairs in the Kitchen area.	The is the reason of area..	0
Since the ultimate purpose of the company is that of sales, the sales department is rightly recognized as one of the major departments of the business.	There is no causality between Since and business..	1
Since the ultimate purpose of the company is that of sales, the sales department is rightly recognized as one of the major departments of the business.	Since is the reason of business..	0
I stand here above the twisting gorge the winds have carved out of the sand.	There is no causality between I and sand..	1
I stand here above the twisting gorge the winds have carved out of the sand.	I is the reason of sand..	0
It was a dispute discussing the question whether the language of the Greek people  or a cultivated imitation of Ancient Greek  should be the official language of the Greek nation.	There is no causality between It and nation..	1
It was a dispute discussing the question whether the language of the Greek people  or a cultivated imitation of Ancient Greek  should be the official language of the Greek nation.	It is the reason of nation..	0
The restaurant first cleaned the floor with a company-approved cleaning agent before the COF test was conducted.	There is no causality between The and conducted..	1
The restaurant first cleaned the floor with a company-approved cleaning agent before the COF test was conducted.	The is the reason of conducted..	0
For 20 years the magazine has been dedicated to American old-time music.	There is no causality between For and music..	1
For 20 years the magazine has been dedicated to American old-time music.	For is the reason of music..	0
The safest place in Korea was right behind a platoon of marines.	There is no causality between The and marines..	1
The safest place in Korea was right behind a platoon of marines.	The is the reason of marines..	0
The bride and the groom poured champagne into stacked champagne glasses.	There is no causality between The and glasses..	1
The bride and the groom poured champagne into stacked champagne glasses.	The is the reason of glasses..	0
Leave the comfort food on the shelves in the supermarket, buy extra fruit and veg, that way you gorge on healthy stuff, It does work trust me, I do it often.	There is no causality between Leave and often..	1
Leave the comfort food on the shelves in the supermarket, buy extra fruit and veg, that way you gorge on healthy stuff, It does work trust me, I do it often.	Leave is the reason of often..	0
Members use the website to inform about projects and events.	There is no causality between Members and events..	1
Members use the website to inform about projects and events.	Members is the reason of events..	0
She delivered a healthy boy to this family.	There is no causality between She and family..	1
She delivered a healthy boy to this family.	She is the reason of family..	0
The heat and pressure cause metamorphism to occur.	pressure because metamorphism	1
The heat and pressure cause metamorphism to occur.	metamorphism because pressure	0
The department achieved the goal with a 75% reduction in accidents.	There is no causality between The and accidents..	1
The department achieved the goal with a 75% reduction in accidents.	The is the reason of accidents..	0
This photograph of an automobile training device was enclosed in a letter to Edwin Link.	There is no causality between This and Link..	1
This photograph of an automobile training device was enclosed in a letter to Edwin Link.	This is the reason of Link..	0
This apartment has a lounge area with 1 sofa bed and a separate bedroom with 1 double bed .	There is no causality between This and ..	1
This apartment has a lounge area with 1 sofa bed and a separate bedroom with 1 double bed .	This is the reason of ..	0
The Labour party has taken people further into bankruptcy.	There is no causality between The and bankruptcy..	1
The Labour party has taken people further into bankruptcy.	The is the reason of bankruptcy..	0
The Commission submitted to the Council and the European Parliament a report on the application and conditions of implementation of the Agreement.	There is no causality between The and Agreement..	1
The Commission submitted to the Council and the European Parliament a report on the application and conditions of implementation of the Agreement.	The is the reason of Agreement..	0
The President seeks to hand over power for AIDS program to client countries.	There is no causality between The and countries..	1
The President seeks to hand over power for AIDS program to client countries.	The is the reason of countries..	0
For example the steppingmotor has a coil with a resistance of 5 ohm and a nominal current of 1 Amp.	There is no causality between For and Amp..	1
For example the steppingmotor has a coil with a resistance of 5 ohm and a nominal current of 1 Amp.	For is the reason of Amp..	0
We kept raw eggs in a dish in the fridge for too long.	There is no causality between We and long..	1
We kept raw eggs in a dish in the fridge for too long.	We is the reason of long..	0
Regulations limit the use of RFID technology for human tracking.	There is no causality between Regulations and tracking..	1
Regulations limit the use of RFID technology for human tracking.	Regulations is the reason of tracking..	0
The Earth's surface is divided into huge, thick plates that drift atop the soft mantle.	There is no causality between The and mantle..	1
The Earth's surface is divided into huge, thick plates that drift atop the soft mantle.	The is the reason of mantle..	0
A carpenter fell into an elevator shaft.	There is no causality between A and shaft..	1
A carpenter fell into an elevator shaft.	A is the reason of shaft..	0
The farmhouse of the farm Kronendal, built in 1800, is a natinal monument.	There is no causality between The and monument..	1
The farmhouse of the farm Kronendal, built in 1800, is a natinal monument.	The is the reason of monument..	0
A space shuttle travels into space.	There is no causality between A and space..	1
A space shuttle travels into space.	A is the reason of space..	0
Claiming to have better FM reception than the previous model, this radio tuner works with both Windows and Mac systems.	There is no causality between Claiming and systems..	1
Claiming to have better FM reception than the previous model, this radio tuner works with both Windows and Mac systems.	Claiming is the reason of systems..	0
The line-item veto is the best tool the president has to rein in excessive spending.	There is no causality between The and spending..	1
The line-item veto is the best tool the president has to rein in excessive spending.	The is the reason of spending..	0
This meeting of devoted friends and lovers served as the foundation of the NAMES Project AIDS Memorial Quilt.	There is no causality between This and Quilt..	1
This meeting of devoted friends and lovers served as the foundation of the NAMES Project AIDS Memorial Quilt.	This is the reason of Quilt..	0
Having delivered her charge, she had silently returned to her tree deep in the woods.	There is no causality between Having and woods..	1
Having delivered her charge, she had silently returned to her tree deep in the woods.	Having is the reason of woods..	0
Leakage and fire caused due to corrosion of bypass piping for recirculation gas at a fuel oil desulphurization unit.	corrosion instigated by fire	1
Leakage and fire caused due to corrosion of bypass piping for recirculation gas at a fuel oil desulphurization unit.	fire instigated by corrosion	0
The substance is exported to the cytoplasm.	There is no causality between The and cytoplasm..	1
The substance is exported to the cytoplasm.	The is the reason of cytoplasm..	0
Olympics have already poured one billion into the economy.	There is no causality between Olympics and economy..	1
Olympics have already poured one billion into the economy.	Olympics is the reason of economy..	0
The plane crashed and landed into a cemetery killing 17 children.	There is no causality between The and children..	1
The plane crashed and landed into a cemetery killing 17 children.	The is the reason of children..	0
Most Americans are interested in topics or questions that have to do with cultural differences and with language.	There is no causality between Most and language..	1
Most Americans are interested in topics or questions that have to do with cultural differences and with language.	Most is the reason of language..	0
We study the influence of an external electromagnetic field of 1.8 GHz in the formation or disaggregation of long rouleau of identical erythrocyte cells.	There is no causality between We and cells..	1
We study the influence of an external electromagnetic field of 1.8 GHz in the formation or disaggregation of long rouleau of identical erythrocyte cells.	We is the reason of cells..	0
A user drags the knob of the slider, select a word, and the Japanese translation of the word is displayed at the center of the screen immediately.	There is no causality between A and immediately..	1
A user drags the knob of the slider, select a word, and the Japanese translation of the word is displayed at the center of the screen immediately.	A is the reason of immediately..	0
However several problems were pointed out during the course of this feasibility study.	There is no causality between However and study..	1
However several problems were pointed out during the course of this feasibility study.	However is the reason of study..	0
The parents of the American student said in a statement that they would immediately begin the process of appealing against her guilty verdict.	There is no causality between The and verdict..	1
The parents of the American student said in a statement that they would immediately begin the process of appealing against her guilty verdict.	The is the reason of verdict..	0
Early in the book, a seashore tide pool is used as an exquisite metaphor for discovery.	There is no causality between Early and discovery..	1
Early in the book, a seashore tide pool is used as an exquisite metaphor for discovery.	Early is the reason of discovery..	0
The71-year-old man has already converted a room in the basement into an office.	There is no causality between The71-year-old and office..	1
The71-year-old man has already converted a room in the basement into an office.	The71-year-old is the reason of office..	0
The spices took pasta into Moroccan territory.	There is no causality between The and territory..	1
The spices took pasta into Moroccan territory.	The is the reason of territory..	0
The first report analyses the adaptation strategies of the EU member states.	There is no causality between The and states..	1
The first report analyses the adaptation strategies of the EU member states.	The is the reason of states..	0
The outlet has the single L-shaped prong for the dryer, but the oven has the standard 3-prong flat plug.	There is no causality between The and plug..	1
The outlet has the single L-shaped prong for the dryer, but the oven has the standard 3-prong flat plug.	The is the reason of plug..	0
Meanwhile, the speech pointed out that the scientific innovation is the only way to develop.	There is no causality between Meanwhile, and develop..	1
Meanwhile, the speech pointed out that the scientific innovation is the only way to develop.	Meanwhile, is the reason of develop..	0
His friend accidently poured water into the gas tank.	There is no causality between His and tank..	1
His friend accidently poured water into the gas tank.	His is the reason of tank..	0
A bomb was found put inside a broken freezer which was set to be a table for sellers inside Al-Khalis city.	There is no causality between A and city..	1
A bomb was found put inside a broken freezer which was set to be a table for sellers inside Al-Khalis city.	A is the reason of city..	0
Mozart's piano concertos are the composer's finest instrumental works.	There is no causality between Mozart's and works..	1
Mozart's piano concertos are the composer's finest instrumental works.	Mozart's is the reason of works..	0
A player manipulates a keyboard, a mouse, or a joystick as a game scene is displayed on a video monitor, or the like.	There is no causality between A and like..	1
A player manipulates a keyboard, a mouse, or a joystick as a game scene is displayed on a video monitor, or the like.	A is the reason of like..	0
In the healthy heart, the left ventricle performs a systolic wringing motion, with a counterclockwise rotation at the apex.	There is no causality between In and apex..	1
In the healthy heart, the left ventricle performs a systolic wringing motion, with a counterclockwise rotation at the apex.	In is the reason of apex..	0
The front of the boom has a hinged "mounting" fitting which is placed into the opening in the mast for the boom and sail slugs.	There is no causality between The and slugs..	1
The front of the boom has a hinged "mounting" fitting which is placed into the opening in the mast for the boom and sail slugs.	The is the reason of slugs..	0
This was the signal for dozens of others to do the same and the noise inside the car was quite something.	There is no causality between This and something..	1
This was the signal for dozens of others to do the same and the noise inside the car was quite something.	This is the reason of something..	0
Some researchers watered the plant with luciferin.	There is no causality between Some and luciferin..	1
Some researchers watered the plant with luciferin.	Some is the reason of luciferin..	0
In a cloudless, new moon sky, a billion stars lit the heavens.	There is no causality between In and heavens..	1
In a cloudless, new moon sky, a billion stars lit the heavens.	In is the reason of heavens..	0
The first involved representation in congress of different-sized states.	There is no causality between The and states..	1
The first involved representation in congress of different-sized states.	The is the reason of states..	0
Strora Enso has a wide range of white envelope papers developed for excellent runnability and printability.	There is no causality between Strora and printability..	1
Strora Enso has a wide range of white envelope papers developed for excellent runnability and printability.	Strora is the reason of printability..	0
These first person accounts humanize history as readers share the experiences of American prosecutors, security personnel, journalists, and even the architect who designed the courtroom.	There is no causality between These and courtroom..	1
These first person accounts humanize history as readers share the experiences of American prosecutors, security personnel, journalists, and even the architect who designed the courtroom.	These is the reason of courtroom..	0
A tent assembly includes a tent frame, a top support frame mounted on top of the tent frame, and an umbrella frame connected to the top support frame.	There is no causality between A and frame..	1
A tent assembly includes a tent frame, a top support frame mounted on top of the tent frame, and an umbrella frame connected to the top support frame.	A is the reason of frame..	0
The flour was in a can marked "sugar" and the tea was in a box marked "salt.	There is no causality between The and "salt..	1
The flour was in a can marked "sugar" and the tea was in a box marked "salt.	The is the reason of "salt..	0
Virgin Galactic is determined to send folks into space.	There is no causality between Virgin and space..	1
Virgin Galactic is determined to send folks into space.	Virgin is the reason of space..	0
My cousins have some fun sliding down the steps in a laundry basket.	There is no causality between My and basket..	1
My cousins have some fun sliding down the steps in a laundry basket.	My is the reason of basket..	0
The Harper brothers were blindfolded, and swung most of their punches into the air as seconds punched them with gloves attached to long poles.	There is no causality between The and poles..	1
The Harper brothers were blindfolded, and swung most of their punches into the air as seconds punched them with gloves attached to long poles.	The is the reason of poles..	0
Much of the difference in the total damage caused by the Nisqually and the Northridge earthquakes can be attributed to the Nisqually earthquake's location.	the Nisqually earthquake's location caused by the difference	1
Much of the difference in the total damage caused by the Nisqually and the Northridge earthquakes can be attributed to the Nisqually earthquake's location.	the difference caused by the Nisqually earthquake's location	0
The overseas department collaborates with the law department of the company to resolve any legal matters in the field of international trade.	There is no causality between The and trade..	1
The overseas department collaborates with the law department of the company to resolve any legal matters in the field of international trade.	The is the reason of trade..	0
I already posted the product to your house last Friday.	There is no causality between I and Friday..	1
I already posted the product to your house last Friday.	I is the reason of Friday..	0
The Sabah Wildlife Department has implanted transmitters into three orangutans.	There is no causality between The and orangutans..	1
The Sabah Wildlife Department has implanted transmitters into three orangutans.	The is the reason of orangutans..	0
He was releasing information into the public domain without understanding what that was.	There is no causality between He and was..	1
He was releasing information into the public domain without understanding what that was.	He is the reason of was..	0
The snooker player played the game with a smile on his face.	There is no causality between The and face..	1
The snooker player played the game with a smile on his face.	The is the reason of face..	0
In 1999, the British consultant thought up an innovative way of dealing with waste paper.	There is no causality between In and paper..	1
In 1999, the British consultant thought up an innovative way of dealing with waste paper.	In is the reason of paper..	0
As I write this to you, a bevy of female deer tick nymphs perch upon my shouders and act as my spell checkers.	There is no causality between As and checkers..	1
As I write this to you, a bevy of female deer tick nymphs perch upon my shouders and act as my spell checkers.	As is the reason of checkers..	0
Frustrations, threats, and conflicts cause stress..	conflicts instigated by stress	1
Frustrations, threats, and conflicts cause stress..	stress instigated by conflicts	0
A great resume is the best tool for a successful career transition.	There is no causality between A and transition..	1
A great resume is the best tool for a successful career transition.	A is the reason of transition..	0
Arginine-rich intracellular delivery peptides noncovalently transported the protein into the living cells.	There is no causality between Arginine-rich and cells..	1
Arginine-rich intracellular delivery peptides noncovalently transported the protein into the living cells.	Arginine-rich is the reason of cells..	0
More important advantages are related to the position of a left-handed first baseman with respect to the base.	There is no causality between More and base..	1
More important advantages are related to the position of a left-handed first baseman with respect to the base.	More is the reason of base..	0
The cabin passengers composed the elite.	There is no causality between The and elite..	1
The cabin passengers composed the elite.	The is the reason of elite..	0
The car already has a digital speedometer which tracks speed at, yes, precision of 1 kilometer - not 1.3, 1.6, but exactly 1 km.	There is no causality between The and km..	1
The car already has a digital speedometer which tracks speed at, yes, precision of 1 kilometer - not 1.3, 1.6, but exactly 1 km.	The is the reason of km..	0
A battery of barracudas relies on ambush.	There is no causality between A and ambush..	1
A battery of barracudas relies on ambush.	A is the reason of ambush..	0
I thought sometimes I saw the flash of distant spires, the sunny gleam of upland pastures, the soft undulation of purple hills.	There is no causality between I and hills..	1
I thought sometimes I saw the flash of distant spires, the sunny gleam of upland pastures, the soft undulation of purple hills.	I is the reason of hills..	0
The Government spent nearly 10m euro of taxpayers' money this year to cover the salaries of the ever-increasing coterie of special advisers.	There is no causality between The and advisers..	1
The Government spent nearly 10m euro of taxpayers' money this year to cover the salaries of the ever-increasing coterie of special advisers.	The is the reason of advisers..	0
This technique has been clearly explained in a previous issue of this magazine.	There is no causality between This and magazine..	1
This technique has been clearly explained in a previous issue of this magazine.	This is the reason of magazine..	0
Students wrote scripts to narrate their story.	There is no causality between Students and story..	1
Students wrote scripts to narrate their story.	Students is the reason of story..	0
He stuffed the letter into an empty lemonade bottle, corked it, tossed it overboard, and forgot.	There is no causality between He and forgot..	1
He stuffed the letter into an empty lemonade bottle, corked it, tossed it overboard, and forgot.	He is the reason of forgot..	0
The locking mechanism for a gear consists of a collar  on the shaft which is able to slide sideways so that teeth  on its inner surface bridge two circular rings with teeth on their outer circumference: one attached to the gear, one to the shaft.	There is no causality between The and shaft..	1
The locking mechanism for a gear consists of a collar  on the shaft which is able to slide sideways so that teeth  on its inner surface bridge two circular rings with teeth on their outer circumference: one attached to the gear, one to the shaft.	The is the reason of shaft..	0
The local legend is about a mausoleum that was also the final resting place of King Robert the Bruce, adding spin to the Earl's noble connections.	There is no causality between The and connections..	1
The local legend is about a mausoleum that was also the final resting place of King Robert the Bruce, adding spin to the Earl's noble connections.	The is the reason of connections..	0
Self-organization become apparent in evolution as self-assemblage of the gene networks and cascades.	There is no causality between Self-organization and cascades..	1
Self-organization become apparent in evolution as self-assemblage of the gene networks and cascades.	Self-organization is the reason of cascades..	0
I have recently developed creases in my ear lobes.	There is no causality between I and lobes..	1
I have recently developed creases in my ear lobes.	I is the reason of lobes..	0
The high pressure inside acaisson presents health risks.	There is no causality between The and risks..	1
The high pressure inside acaisson presents health risks.	The is the reason of risks..	0
Sunday evening was the best part of this weekend.	There is no causality between Sunday and weekend..	1
Sunday evening was the best part of this weekend.	Sunday is the reason of weekend..	0
This theory focuses on computational tasks, and considers automated procedures  that may solve such tasks.	There is no causality between This and tasks..	1
This theory focuses on computational tasks, and considers automated procedures  that may solve such tasks.	This is the reason of tasks..	0
The body unleashes its extraterrestrial passenger, which proceeds to infect the student population at a breakneck pace.	There is no causality between The and pace..	1
The body unleashes its extraterrestrial passenger, which proceeds to infect the student population at a breakneck pace.	The is the reason of pace..	0
The director shot some additional footage.	There is no causality between The and footage..	1
The director shot some additional footage.	The is the reason of footage..	0
At birth, the patient has bilateral supernumerary nostrils, which were situated above the normal nostrils and opened into the ipsilateral nasal cavities.	There is no causality between At and cavities..	1
At birth, the patient has bilateral supernumerary nostrils, which were situated above the normal nostrils and opened into the ipsilateral nasal cavities.	At is the reason of cavities..	0
During his speech, Kennedy focused on domestic issues, the Vietnam War, and racism.	There is no causality between During and racism..	1
During his speech, Kennedy focused on domestic issues, the Vietnam War, and racism.	During is the reason of racism..	0
The republics are seeking to assert an unequivocal understanding of the country's ethnic nature as a federation of various peoples.	There is no causality between The and peoples..	1
The republics are seeking to assert an unequivocal understanding of the country's ethnic nature as a federation of various peoples.	The is the reason of peoples..	0
We have injected the code into the native process.	There is no causality between We and process..	1
We have injected the code into the native process.	We is the reason of process..	0
Andre Hartman touches the snout of the great white shark.	There is no causality between Andre and shark..	1
Andre Hartman touches the snout of the great white shark.	Andre is the reason of shark..	0
Scientists have revealed how environmental irritants such as air pollution and cigarette smoke which cause coughing in people.	cigarette smoke instigated by coughing	1
Scientists have revealed how environmental irritants such as air pollution and cigarette smoke which cause coughing in people.	coughing instigated by cigarette smoke	0
The Clippers, in contrast, are a prickle of hedgehogs without a common goal.	There is no causality between The and goal..	1
The Clippers, in contrast, are a prickle of hedgehogs without a common goal.	The is the reason of goal..	0
Cabaret is a form of entertainment featuring comedy, song, dance, and theatre.	There is no causality between Cabaret and theatre..	1
Cabaret is a form of entertainment featuring comedy, song, dance, and theatre.	Cabaret is the reason of theatre..	0
When viewers ignore negative posts, the offending writer often leaves the site.	There is no causality between When and site..	1
When viewers ignore negative posts, the offending writer often leaves the site.	When is the reason of site..	0
He had attended Vollenhoven's lectures and read the philosopher's books, much of them available for years in mimeo editions in Dutch.	There is no causality between He and Dutch..	1
He had attended Vollenhoven's lectures and read the philosopher's books, much of them available for years in mimeo editions in Dutch.	He is the reason of Dutch..	0
The democrats are competing for positions in the college of electors.	There is no causality between The and electors..	1
The democrats are competing for positions in the college of electors.	The is the reason of electors..	0
Of course the problem is Christmas just passed so I've got a brand new pile of unread books to contend with.	There is no causality between Of and with..	1
Of course the problem is Christmas just passed so I've got a brand new pile of unread books to contend with.	Of is the reason of with..	0
A fresh pork butt is cooked slowly in a crock pot instead of being cooked in the traditional pit.	There is no causality between A and pit..	1
A fresh pork butt is cooked slowly in a crock pot instead of being cooked in the traditional pit.	A is the reason of pit..	0
Global warming pollution from cars, light trucks and SUV's is the single largest source of global warming pollution generated in Maine.	SUV's from Global warming pollution	1
Global warming pollution from cars, light trucks and SUV's is the single largest source of global warming pollution generated in Maine.	Global warming pollution from SUV's	0
He is the author of eight books which have charted the transformation of Europe over the last quarter-century.	There is no causality between He and quarter-century..	1
He is the author of eight books which have charted the transformation of Europe over the last quarter-century.	He is the reason of quarter-century..	0
International committees have bestowed industry awards to outstanding companies.	There is no causality between International and companies..	1
International committees have bestowed industry awards to outstanding companies.	International is the reason of companies..	0
Seller adds taxes as a separate line item on the seller's invoice, when applicable.	There is no causality between Seller and applicable..	1
Seller adds taxes as a separate line item on the seller's invoice, when applicable.	Seller is the reason of applicable..	0
Japan injected funds into struggling companies.	There is no causality between Japan and companies..	1
Japan injected funds into struggling companies.	Japan is the reason of companies..	0
A bottle full of milk that has been left sitting out in a warm room quickly breeds more bacteria than a newborn can handle.	There is no causality between A and handle..	1
A bottle full of milk that has been left sitting out in a warm room quickly breeds more bacteria than a newborn can handle.	A is the reason of handle..	0
This bright yellow, lightweight shovel is a favourite of our adventurous little gardeners.	There is no causality between This and gardeners..	1
This bright yellow, lightweight shovel is a favourite of our adventurous little gardeners.	This is the reason of gardeners..	0
He painted the picture of a typical middle-class family evening in a letter to the editor.	There is no causality between He and editor..	1
He painted the picture of a typical middle-class family evening in a letter to the editor.	He is the reason of editor..	0
The US marines have landed into the port this morning.	There is no causality between The and morning..	1
The US marines have landed into the port this morning.	The is the reason of morning..	0
The items have been donated to the museum of Thracian Art.	There is no causality between The and Art..	1
The items have been donated to the museum of Thracian Art.	The is the reason of Art..	0
Returning with their new single 'We Want War' the band have constructed a seven and a half minute epic.	There is no causality between Returning and epic..	1
Returning with their new single 'We Want War' the band have constructed a seven and a half minute epic.	Returning is the reason of epic..	0
Four hours earlier, the electrician injured his eye with the blunt end of a screwdriver.	There is no causality between Four and screwdriver..	1
Four hours earlier, the electrician injured his eye with the blunt end of a screwdriver.	Four is the reason of screwdriver..	0
The government is committed to bring art to the community.	There is no causality between The and community..	1
The government is committed to bring art to the community.	The is the reason of community..	0
He used a real deck of cards.	There is no causality between He and cards..	1
He used a real deck of cards.	He is the reason of cards..	0
The urine output of the normal adults was 1350ml.	There is no causality between The and 1350ml..	1
The urine output of the normal adults was 1350ml.	The is the reason of 1350ml..	0
A car dealer attaches a license plate to a minivan sold at a Eugene dealership.	There is no causality between A and dealership..	1
A car dealer attaches a license plate to a minivan sold at a Eugene dealership.	A is the reason of dealership..	0
The findings of the study have been narrated in three parts.	There is no causality between The and parts..	1
The findings of the study have been narrated in three parts.	The is the reason of parts..	0
Their relationship is thrown into chaos.	There is no causality between Their and chaos..	1
Their relationship is thrown into chaos.	Their is the reason of chaos..	0
The man is draining the pool water into the sanitary sewer.	There is no causality between The and sewer..	1
The man is draining the pool water into the sanitary sewer.	The is the reason of sewer..	0
The freeze-dried dura mater was placed into warm sterile saline for 20 minutes before grafting.	There is no causality between The and grafting..	1
The freeze-dried dura mater was placed into warm sterile saline for 20 minutes before grafting.	The is the reason of grafting..	0
The user added subtitles into the mp4 files.	There is no causality between The and files..	1
The user added subtitles into the mp4 files.	The is the reason of files..	0
Human hands built this extravagant tomb for the God King.	There is no causality between Human and King..	1
Human hands built this extravagant tomb for the God King.	Human is the reason of King..	0
The trio lit the blaze in a reserve behind Combine Street about 6.40pm and ran off.	There is no causality between The and off..	1
The trio lit the blaze in a reserve behind Combine Street about 6.40pm and ran off.	The is the reason of off..	0
A gam of whales migrates to breeding lagoons every season.	There is no causality between A and season..	1
A gam of whales migrates to breeding lagoons every season.	A is the reason of season..	0
The poison was in a bottle of pricey wine.	There is no causality between The and wine..	1
The poison was in a bottle of pricey wine.	The is the reason of wine..	0
Water damage from roof leaks, plumbing leaks or flooding lead to the growth of molds.	flooding cause Water damage	1
Water damage from roof leaks, plumbing leaks or flooding lead to the growth of molds.	Water damage cause flooding	0
The common buzzard uses its claws to grasp prey and its beak to tear.	There is no causality between The and tear..	1
The common buzzard uses its claws to grasp prey and its beak to tear.	The is the reason of tear..	0
Many commercial soap, shower gel or cleanser products contain preservatives, colorants and chemicals that cause dryness, rashes, itchiness and roughness on the skin.	chemicals instigated by roughness	1
Many commercial soap, shower gel or cleanser products contain preservatives, colorants and chemicals that cause dryness, rashes, itchiness and roughness on the skin.	roughness instigated by chemicals	0
Heart, blood vessels, blood are parts of the circulatory system.	There is no causality between Heart, and system..	1
Heart, blood vessels, blood are parts of the circulatory system.	Heart, is the reason of system..	0
Sharpening stones, water stones or whetstones are used to grind and hone the edges of steel tools and implements.	There is no causality between Sharpening and implements..	1
Sharpening stones, water stones or whetstones are used to grind and hone the edges of steel tools and implements.	Sharpening is the reason of implements..	0
It took the great Ronald Reagan years to develop his vast coterie of left wing haters.	There is no causality between It and haters..	1
It took the great Ronald Reagan years to develop his vast coterie of left wing haters.	It is the reason of haters..	0
The new corporate citizen has landed into legal battles.	There is no causality between The and battles..	1
The new corporate citizen has landed into legal battles.	The is the reason of battles..	0
Its collections illustrate admirably the natural history, archeology and art of Southern India.	There is no causality between Its and India..	1
Its collections illustrate admirably the natural history, archeology and art of Southern India.	Its is the reason of India..	0
The document was locked in a safe at Scotland Yard and only sent to the coroner in 2003.	There is no causality between The and 2003..	1
The document was locked in a safe at Scotland Yard and only sent to the coroner in 2003.	The is the reason of 2003..	0
The shop has since "fixed" the problem with a method of their own  and i have the cranks on my bike ready to use.	There is no causality between The and use..	1
The shop has since "fixed" the problem with a method of their own  and i have the cranks on my bike ready to use.	The is the reason of use..	0
The chapel in the manor house was dedicated to the nowadays somewhat obscure St Blaise.	There is no causality between The and Blaise..	1
The chapel in the manor house was dedicated to the nowadays somewhat obscure St Blaise.	The is the reason of Blaise..	0
They packed yeast into toothpaste tubes.	There is no causality between They and tubes..	1
They packed yeast into toothpaste tubes.	They is the reason of tubes..	0
His head was in a jar, but most of his brain stem and one ear was left on his body.	There is no causality between His and body..	1
His head was in a jar, but most of his brain stem and one ear was left on his body.	His is the reason of body..	0
It was also home to a bale of snapping turtles and a siege of great blue herons.	There is no causality between It and herons..	1
It was also home to a bale of snapping turtles and a siege of great blue herons.	It is the reason of herons..	0
Approximately 1,000 farm animals receive health and medical care each year in our Farm Animal Hospital.	There is no causality between Approximately and Hospital..	1
Approximately 1,000 farm animals receive health and medical care each year in our Farm Animal Hospital.	Approximately is the reason of Hospital..	0
He assigned an interview with a presidential candidate to the next show.	There is no causality between He and show..	1
He assigned an interview with a presidential candidate to the next show.	He is the reason of show..	0
The land was farmed for olives and a few other crops.	There is no causality between The and crops..	1
The land was farmed for olives and a few other crops.	The is the reason of crops..	0
The box regulated the temperature using an odoff controller and T2 as temperature reference.	There is no causality between The and reference..	1
The box regulated the temperature using an odoff controller and T2 as temperature reference.	The is the reason of reference..	0
My credit card bill is approaching its limits.	There is no causality between My and limits..	1
My credit card bill is approaching its limits.	My is the reason of limits..	0
It is soon asleep, however, on the pillow of mother's breast.	There is no causality between It and breast..	1
It is soon asleep, however, on the pillow of mother's breast.	It is the reason of breast..	0
The Ca content in the corn flour has also a strong dependence on the pericarp thickness .	There is no causality between The and ..	1
The Ca content in the corn flour has also a strong dependence on the pericarp thickness .	The is the reason of ..	0
The curved roach on a square sail was dependent on the angle or height of the stay immediately below it.	There is no causality between The and it..	1
The curved roach on a square sail was dependent on the angle or height of the stay immediately below it.	The is the reason of it..	0
These are the most typical student edition textbooks.	There is no causality between These and textbooks..	1
These are the most typical student edition textbooks.	These is the reason of textbooks..	0
But the role is also under scrutiny in this affair.	There is no causality between But and affair..	1
But the role is also under scrutiny in this affair.	But is the reason of affair..	0
The town's population is approximately four, the school closed years ago and birds have turned the church into a poop-caked aviary.	There is no causality between The and aviary..	1
The town's population is approximately four, the school closed years ago and birds have turned the church into a poop-caked aviary.	The is the reason of aviary..	0
A suitcase with clothing in it had escaped the flames, yet some of the clothing inside were ashes, while the rest remained intact.	There is no causality between A and intact..	1
A suitcase with clothing in it had escaped the flames, yet some of the clothing inside were ashes, while the rest remained intact.	A is the reason of intact..	0
Much of his early teaching experience involves telling anecdotes about his childhood in Ireland.	There is no causality between Much and Ireland..	1
Much of his early teaching experience involves telling anecdotes about his childhood in Ireland.	Much is the reason of Ireland..	0
The book takes into account various phases of the life of the Muhammad.	There is no causality between The and Muhammad..	1
The book takes into account various phases of the life of the Muhammad.	The is the reason of Muhammad..	0
The horse stretches its nuzzle towards the boy.	There is no causality between The and boy..	1
The horse stretches its nuzzle towards the boy.	The is the reason of boy..	0
The bridge tower of an MC80 was located towards the stern of the vessel.	There is no causality between The and vessel..	1
The bridge tower of an MC80 was located towards the stern of the vessel.	The is the reason of vessel..	0
He noticed a speck of blood on the man's thumb and what he thought were several corresponding drops on the driver's door of the truck.	There is no causality between He and truck..	1
He noticed a speck of blood on the man's thumb and what he thought were several corresponding drops on the driver's door of the truck.	He is the reason of truck..	0
The indenter is pushed into the material, and both the load and displacement increase.	There is no causality between The and increase..	1
The indenter is pushed into the material, and both the load and displacement increase.	The is the reason of increase..	0
Other tree species in the Gabonese forest are much more liable to burn, particularly Burseraceae such as.	There is no causality between Other and as..	1
Other tree species in the Gabonese forest are much more liable to burn, particularly Burseraceae such as.	Other is the reason of as..	0
Researchers at Durham University have turned a video game into a fire drill simulator.	There is no causality between Researchers and simulator..	1
Researchers at Durham University have turned a video game into a fire drill simulator.	Researchers is the reason of simulator..	0
My tuxedo for the banquet that night was in a suitcase in Peter Rickham's office.	There is no causality between My and office..	1
My tuxedo for the banquet that night was in a suitcase in Peter Rickham's office.	My is the reason of office..	0
As the young girl journeyed into unbelievable danger, she did not have the faintest clue that she alone was destined to win, or to lose, this more-than-mortal battle.	There is no causality between As and battle..	1
As the young girl journeyed into unbelievable danger, she did not have the faintest clue that she alone was destined to win, or to lose, this more-than-mortal battle.	As is the reason of battle..	0
The latest issue of Five Bells has been sent to poet union members.	There is no causality between The and members..	1
The latest issue of Five Bells has been sent to poet union members.	The is the reason of members..	0
The government has poured billions into education reforms.	There is no causality between The and reforms..	1
The government has poured billions into education reforms.	The is the reason of reforms..	0
A handpicked regiment of 100 marksmen under General William Maxwell laid an ambush in the surrounding cover.	There is no causality between A and cover..	1
A handpicked regiment of 100 marksmen under General William Maxwell laid an ambush in the surrounding cover.	A is the reason of cover..	0
The street outside the side entrance was decked, however, with three limousines double-parked and a squad of motorcycle policemen stood at the door.	There is no causality between The and door..	1
The street outside the side entrance was decked, however, with three limousines double-parked and a squad of motorcycle policemen stood at the door.	The is the reason of door..	0
The launcher released a satellite into geosynchronous transfer orbit at 23.31 GMT.	There is no causality between The and GMT..	1
The launcher released a satellite into geosynchronous transfer orbit at 23.31 GMT.	The is the reason of GMT..	0
The victim of last night's car accident donated his organs to several patients who have been waiting for donated organs.	There is no causality between The and organs..	1
The victim of last night's car accident donated his organs to several patients who have been waiting for donated organs.	The is the reason of organs..	0
This feared ruler founded the largest land empire in history.	There is no causality between This and history..	1
This feared ruler founded the largest land empire in history.	This is the reason of history..	0
Comedy was employed in a cathartic role against the tension, fear and grief caused by the fighting.	the fighting lead to grief	1
Comedy was employed in a cathartic role against the tension, fear and grief caused by the fighting.	grief lead to the fighting	0
Internal emails have been leaked to the public broadcasting.	There is no causality between Internal and broadcasting..	1
Internal emails have been leaked to the public broadcasting.	Internal is the reason of broadcasting..	0
Behind him crouch canaille of minor letters sins, venial sycophantic hacks with shady past.	There is no causality between Behind and past..	1
Behind him crouch canaille of minor letters sins, venial sycophantic hacks with shady past.	Behind is the reason of past..	0
These text messages are sent to the outer space.	There is no causality between These and space..	1
These text messages are sent to the outer space.	These is the reason of space..	0
With operations in Scandinavia, the company manufactures plastic drums, jerricans and pails.	There is no causality between With and pails..	1
With operations in Scandinavia, the company manufactures plastic drums, jerricans and pails.	With is the reason of pails..	0
They discovered a good bit of published literature about modification of yeast with resveratrol-related genes.	There is no causality between They and genes..	1
They discovered a good bit of published literature about modification of yeast with resveratrol-related genes.	They is the reason of genes..	0
A question was raised in relation to the partnership arrangements in Germany.	There is no causality between A and Germany..	1
A question was raised in relation to the partnership arrangements in Germany.	A is the reason of Germany..	0
On the bedroom chair and along the rail of the bed were scattered the garments, the only garments so far as he knew, and the bandages of their guest.	There is no causality between On and guest..	1
On the bedroom chair and along the rail of the bed were scattered the garments, the only garments so far as he knew, and the bandages of their guest.	On is the reason of guest..	0
The concept car Acura TL features a wiperless windscreen using a series of jet nozzles in the cowl to blow pressurized air onto the windscreen.	There is no causality between The and windscreen..	1
The concept car Acura TL features a wiperless windscreen using a series of jet nozzles in the cowl to blow pressurized air onto the windscreen.	The is the reason of windscreen..	0
This technique efficiently inserted genes into hematopoietic stem cells.	There is no causality between This and cells..	1
This technique efficiently inserted genes into hematopoietic stem cells.	This is the reason of cells..	0
Unwrapped is a television program on Food Network that reveals the origins of foods.	There is no causality between Unwrapped and foods..	1
Unwrapped is a television program on Food Network that reveals the origins of foods.	Unwrapped is the reason of foods..	0
I had a suitcase with clothes in it.	There is no causality between I and it..	1
I had a suitcase with clothes in it.	I is the reason of it..	0
Politicians are discovering Sufi teachings as a means against religious extremism.	There is no causality between Politicians and extremism..	1
Politicians are discovering Sufi teachings as a means against religious extremism.	Politicians is the reason of extremism..	0
The clock has one brass bar attached to a chain on each side of the pendulum.	There is no causality between The and pendulum..	1
The clock has one brass bar attached to a chain on each side of the pendulum.	The is the reason of pendulum..	0
The speaker opens the poem with a question addressed to the beloved.	There is no causality between The and beloved..	1
The speaker opens the poem with a question addressed to the beloved.	The is the reason of beloved..	0
With the recent invention of plastic core roller covers, the painter is able to complete an entire job no matter how large, with their original roller.	There is no causality between With and roller..	1
With the recent invention of plastic core roller covers, the painter is able to complete an entire job no matter how large, with their original roller.	With is the reason of roller..	0
Funds are moving into this new project.	There is no causality between Funds and project..	1
Funds are moving into this new project.	Funds is the reason of project..	0
The cause for the jump to over 30,000 was the deterioration in the economy triggered by a series of bankruptcies among banks and securities firms.	bankruptcies instigated by the deterioration	1
The cause for the jump to over 30,000 was the deterioration in the economy triggered by a series of bankruptcies among banks and securities firms.	the deterioration instigated by bankruptcies	0
Brown and white butterflies flip-flopped over a stand of fireweed.	There is no causality between Brown and fireweed..	1
Brown and white butterflies flip-flopped over a stand of fireweed.	Brown is the reason of fireweed..	0
Instead, I ran at them, whirling my arms and screeching as loud as a sedge of bitterns.	There is no causality between Instead, and bitterns..	1
Instead, I ran at them, whirling my arms and screeching as loud as a sedge of bitterns.	Instead, is the reason of bitterns..	0
She hold the saw in place with its blade right on the cut line.	There is no causality between She and line..	1
She hold the saw in place with its blade right on the cut line.	She is the reason of line..	0
Recently, in China, more people are moving into big cities.	There is no causality between Recently, and cities..	1
Recently, in China, more people are moving into big cities.	Recently, is the reason of cities..	0
They rail against the coffeehouse fellowship of the artisans and others.	There is no causality between They and others..	1
They rail against the coffeehouse fellowship of the artisans and others.	They is the reason of others..	0
Zook took the ax to the coaching staff.	There is no causality between Zook and staff..	1
Zook took the ax to the coaching staff.	Zook is the reason of staff..	0
The first hyperlink in the post was inserted into a custom field.	There is no causality between The and field..	1
The first hyperlink in the post was inserted into a custom field.	The is the reason of field..	0
Whitaker had what it took to play the terrifying Ugandan dictator - but the other man convinced him with his passion for the part.	There is no causality between Whitaker and part..	1
Whitaker had what it took to play the terrifying Ugandan dictator - but the other man convinced him with his passion for the part.	Whitaker is the reason of part..	0
Robert Pattinson wears a suit for a cemetery scene on location.	There is no causality between Robert and location..	1
Robert Pattinson wears a suit for a cemetery scene on location.	Robert is the reason of location..	0
The Historic District Commission members drafted a demolition delay ordinance that went before the Board of Selectmen last year.	There is no causality between The and year..	1
The Historic District Commission members drafted a demolition delay ordinance that went before the Board of Selectmen last year.	The is the reason of year..	0
This government views science simply as a tool for profit generation.	There is no causality between This and generation..	1
This government views science simply as a tool for profit generation.	This is the reason of generation..	0
We already know ignorance, heat, boredom, greed and poverty cause violence even in the U.S.	poverty instigated by violence	1
We already know ignorance, heat, boredom, greed and poverty cause violence even in the U.S.	violence instigated by poverty	0
A women fear from darkness, insects, cockroaches, mice, lizards, spiders and more and more.	spiders cause fear	1
A women fear from darkness, insects, cockroaches, mice, lizards, spiders and more and more.	fear cause spiders	0
The detainee is kept in the cell 23.5 hours a day.	There is no causality between The and day..	1
The detainee is kept in the cell 23.5 hours a day.	The is the reason of day..	0
I derive tremendous pleasure and fulfillment from teaching, particularly when I am able to help students understand a previously foreign concept or idea, aid them in seeing a familiar object or event from a new and unusual perspective, guide them with projects they are working on, or encourage the interests they have.	teaching cause fulfillment	1
I derive tremendous pleasure and fulfillment from teaching, particularly when I am able to help students understand a previously foreign concept or idea, aid them in seeing a familiar object or event from a new and unusual perspective, guide them with projects they are working on, or encourage the interests they have.	fulfillment cause teaching	0
She and colleagues exhaustively tested the sample, sequencing the proteins they found with a new and better mass spectrometer.	There is no causality between She and spectrometer..	1
She and colleagues exhaustively tested the sample, sequencing the proteins they found with a new and better mass spectrometer.	She is the reason of spectrometer..	0
Marital breakdown is often attributed to unresolved grief from infertility, miscarriage, and the loss of a child.	the loss cause unresolved grief	1
Marital breakdown is often attributed to unresolved grief from infertility, miscarriage, and the loss of a child.	unresolved grief cause the loss	0
His girlfriend was in a trunk and they drove over a bridge.	There is no causality between His and bridge..	1
His girlfriend was in a trunk and they drove over a bridge.	His is the reason of bridge..	0
The vagina was sutured behind the neourethra; the vagina accommodated a size 12 dilator.	There is no causality between The and dilator..	1
The vagina was sutured behind the neourethra; the vagina accommodated a size 12 dilator.	The is the reason of dilator..	0
There is a red indicator button on the dash to the left of the steering wheel and it is stationary.	There is no causality between There and stationary..	1
There is a red indicator button on the dash to the left of the steering wheel and it is stationary.	There is the reason of stationary..	0
The management of the firm needs information on condition in the market and price elasticity of demand.	There is no causality between The and demand..	1
The management of the firm needs information on condition in the market and price elasticity of demand.	The is the reason of demand..	0
The dog clutch is a sliding selector mechanism which is splined to the output shaft, meaning that its hub has teeth that fit into slots  on the shaft, forcing it to rotate with that shaft.	There is no causality between The and shaft..	1
The dog clutch is a sliding selector mechanism which is splined to the output shaft, meaning that its hub has teeth that fit into slots  on the shaft, forcing it to rotate with that shaft.	The is the reason of shaft..	0
She grabbed your arm and twisted it until the shoulderbone popped out of the socket.	There is no causality between She and socket..	1
She grabbed your arm and twisted it until the shoulderbone popped out of the socket.	She is the reason of socket..	0
The ladder is designed for the specific needs of the electrician.	There is no causality between The and electrician..	1
The ladder is designed for the specific needs of the electrician.	The is the reason of electrician..	0
The system uses routings for the part number identified in the work order to determine workstation assignment and loading.	There is no causality between The and loading..	1
The system uses routings for the part number identified in the work order to determine workstation assignment and loading.	The is the reason of loading..	0
Caribbean criminal groups have been transporting cocaine into major cities in USA.	There is no causality between Caribbean and USA..	1
Caribbean criminal groups have been transporting cocaine into major cities in USA.	Caribbean is the reason of USA..	0
Congress workers play with colours while celebrating party's win in the Assembly elections of three states at party office in Kolkata on Thursday.	There is no causality between Congress and Thursday..	1
Congress workers play with colours while celebrating party's win in the Assembly elections of three states at party office in Kolkata on Thursday.	Congress is the reason of Thursday..	0
Air pollution from coal-fired power plants is large and varied and contributes to a significant number of negative environmental and health problems.	coal-fired power plants cause Air pollution	1
Air pollution from coal-fired power plants is large and varied and contributes to a significant number of negative environmental and health problems.	Air pollution cause coal-fired power plants	0
Its menu includes customary Chinese dishes, such as sweet and sour pork and cashew chicken, but it also lists some uncommon choices such as lemongrass chicken and kung pao triple delight.	There is no causality between Its and delight..	1
Its menu includes customary Chinese dishes, such as sweet and sour pork and cashew chicken, but it also lists some uncommon choices such as lemongrass chicken and kung pao triple delight.	Its is the reason of delight..	0
The brochure shows, in one embodiment, a vase with flowers inside a "cut flower" sleeve with the sleeve tied with a ribbon about the neck of the vase.	There is no causality between The and vase..	1
The brochure shows, in one embodiment, a vase with flowers inside a "cut flower" sleeve with the sleeve tied with a ribbon about the neck of the vase.	The is the reason of vase..	0
Widely previously interpreted as precursory activity to the 1906 earthquake, they have been found to have a strong seasonal pattern and have been postulated to be due to large seasonal sediment loads in coastal bays that overlie faults as a result of the erosion caused by hydraulic mining in the later years of the California Gold Rush.	hydraulic mining cause the erosion	1
Widely previously interpreted as precursory activity to the 1906 earthquake, they have been found to have a strong seasonal pattern and have been postulated to be due to large seasonal sediment loads in coastal bays that overlie faults as a result of the erosion caused by hydraulic mining in the later years of the California Gold Rush.	the erosion cause hydraulic mining	0
Dick Olver, chairman of BAE Systems, found himself fighting a battle on two fronts at the arms manufacturer's annual meeting in London.	There is no causality between Dick and London..	1
Dick Olver, chairman of BAE Systems, found himself fighting a battle on two fronts at the arms manufacturer's annual meeting in London.	Dick is the reason of London..	0
The sink was in a cabinet type stand with the sides of the sink being the same porcelain coated cast iron as the sink.	There is no causality between The and sink..	1
The sink was in a cabinet type stand with the sides of the sink being the same porcelain coated cast iron as the sink.	The is the reason of sink..	0
This reflects much of the light back towards the lamp fitting.	There is no causality between This and fitting..	1
This reflects much of the light back towards the lamp fitting.	This is the reason of fitting..	0
The base of the shrine encloses a lone datura seedpod.	There is no causality between The and seedpod..	1
The base of the shrine encloses a lone datura seedpod.	The is the reason of seedpod..	0
The events at the trial caused the dissolution of the Communist League, and a general dampening of revolutionary activity.	The events was radiating from a general dampening	1
The events at the trial caused the dissolution of the Communist League, and a general dampening of revolutionary activity.	a general dampening was radiating from The events	0
The State Capital is a disgusting sewer and Bruno is just one in the mischief of filthy rats that proliferate there.	There is no causality between The and there..	1
The State Capital is a disgusting sewer and Bruno is just one in the mischief of filthy rats that proliferate there.	The is the reason of there..	0
Another mathematical system description is presented in the next section.	There is no causality between Another and section..	1
Another mathematical system description is presented in the next section.	Another is the reason of section..	0
The show centered around a beach theme.	There is no causality between The and theme..	1
The show centered around a beach theme.	The is the reason of theme..	0
The soldiers moved into the deep jungle.	There is no causality between The and jungle..	1
The soldiers moved into the deep jungle.	The is the reason of jungle..	0
True progress comes from science, debate, inference, logic and reasoning.	reasoning instigated by True progress	1
True progress comes from science, debate, inference, logic and reasoning.	True progress instigated by reasoning	0
The pouch is a distinguishing feature of female marsupials .	There is no causality between The and ..	1
The pouch is a distinguishing feature of female marsupials .	The is the reason of ..	0
It took the mechanic less than 10 seconds  to fix the lock with a screwdriver.	There is no causality between It and screwdriver..	1
It took the mechanic less than 10 seconds  to fix the lock with a screwdriver.	It is the reason of screwdriver..	0
This is one of the most abundant tree species in the whole forest, and with a maximum height of 14 m. the dominant tree species of the first canopy layer.	There is no causality between This and layer..	1
This is one of the most abundant tree species in the whole forest, and with a maximum height of 14 m. the dominant tree species of the first canopy layer.	This is the reason of layer..	0
Lesions involving the medial part of the premotor cortex, the supplementary motor area  and the rear portion of the medial part of the precentral gyrus caused a contralateral, severe leg-predominant hemiplegia, distally predominant and a less severe proximal weakness of the arm.	Lesions caused by distally predominant and a less severe proximal weakness	1
Lesions involving the medial part of the premotor cortex, the supplementary motor area  and the rear portion of the medial part of the precentral gyrus caused a contralateral, severe leg-predominant hemiplegia, distally predominant and a less severe proximal weakness of the arm.	distally predominant and a less severe proximal weakness caused by Lesions	0
The swelling continued so it was time to try the oils in a capsule.	There is no causality between The and capsule..	1
The swelling continued so it was time to try the oils in a capsule.	The is the reason of capsule..	0
Besides acting, directing and producing, Eastwood is also a musician who has composed the themes to nine of his films.	There is no causality between Besides and films..	1
Besides acting, directing and producing, Eastwood is also a musician who has composed the themes to nine of his films.	Besides is the reason of films..	0
A plane crash is the first event in that adventure novel.	There is no causality between A and novel..	1
A plane crash is the first event in that adventure novel.	A is the reason of novel..	0
The user inserted an advertising into the podcast.	There is no causality between The and podcast..	1
The user inserted an advertising into the podcast.	The is the reason of podcast..	0
The date for final payment is shown on the confirmation invoice.	There is no causality between The and invoice..	1
The date for final payment is shown on the confirmation invoice.	The is the reason of invoice..	0
The teacher retirement poem on parchment is a customized poem printed on parchment and enclosed in a black certificate holder.	There is no causality between The and holder..	1
The teacher retirement poem on parchment is a customized poem printed on parchment and enclosed in a black certificate holder.	The is the reason of holder..	0
Factory class that manufactures component objects for the farmyard.	There is no causality between Factory and farmyard..	1
Factory class that manufactures component objects for the farmyard.	Factory is the reason of farmyard..	0
The patient experiences displaced emotional and financial deprivation as well as anger after the divorce.	divorce cause anger	1
The patient experiences displaced emotional and financial deprivation as well as anger after the divorce.	anger cause divorce	0
Among the Hittites there was only one queen consort, but the king had a harem of wives  and of slave concubines also.	There is no causality between Among and also..	1
Among the Hittites there was only one queen consort, but the king had a harem of wives  and of slave concubines also.	Among is the reason of also..	0
Jack placed the ember in a hollowed-out turnip, one of his favorite foods and an item he often stole and carried with him.	There is no causality between Jack and him..	1
Jack placed the ember in a hollowed-out turnip, one of his favorite foods and an item he often stole and carried with him.	Jack is the reason of him..	0
The beautiful outside of the store is complementary to the local surroundings and is designed to be a store of the community.	There is no causality between The and community..	1
The beautiful outside of the store is complementary to the local surroundings and is designed to be a store of the community.	The is the reason of community..	0
They were not issued guns at the time, but the office did have one handgun that was locked in a safe; however, there was no ammunition.	There is no causality between They and ammunition..	1
They were not issued guns at the time, but the office did have one handgun that was locked in a safe; however, there was no ammunition.	They is the reason of ammunition..	0
Whilst audio sampled at 8kHz is sufficient for communication, such narrow-band speech does not sound natural, leading to user frustration after prolonged exposure, and making language learning difficult.	such narrow-band speech lead to language learning difficult	1
Whilst audio sampled at 8kHz is sufficient for communication, such narrow-band speech does not sound natural, leading to user frustration after prolonged exposure, and making language learning difficult.	language learning difficult lead to such narrow-band speech	0
Anyway, there's a cabal of ninja assassins who traverse the globe killing people for "100 pounds of gold", or the modern day equivalent.	There is no causality between Anyway, and equivalent..	1
Anyway, there's a cabal of ninja assassins who traverse the globe killing people for "100 pounds of gold", or the modern day equivalent.	Anyway, is the reason of equivalent..	0
The developed mechanism is composed of a dual coaxial high-precision goniometer, which has theta-in and theta-out axes with 0.0025" resolution, and two crystal mounts connected to the rotation axes .	There is no causality between The and ..	1
The developed mechanism is composed of a dual coaxial high-precision goniometer, which has theta-in and theta-out axes with 0.0025" resolution, and two crystal mounts connected to the rotation axes .	The is the reason of ..	0
The juvenile tawny owls were released into four woodland locations.	There is no causality between The and locations..	1
The juvenile tawny owls were released into four woodland locations.	The is the reason of locations..	0
A weapon was inside a wooden box behind a stereo cabinet that was suspended about seven feet above the floor.	There is no causality between A and floor..	1
A weapon was inside a wooden box behind a stereo cabinet that was suspended about seven feet above the floor.	A is the reason of floor..	0
My two friends have moved into my apartment last weekend.	There is no causality between My and weekend..	1
My two friends have moved into my apartment last weekend.	My is the reason of weekend..	0
They looked very closely at the white of the eye, and saw lines that look like tiny pink threads.	There is no causality between They and threads..	1
They looked very closely at the white of the eye, and saw lines that look like tiny pink threads.	They is the reason of threads..	0
This tradition has been narrated in prophet's early biographies.	There is no causality between This and biographies..	1
This tradition has been narrated in prophet's early biographies.	This is the reason of biographies..	0
The fuel is leaked into a crankcase.	There is no causality between The and crankcase..	1
The fuel is leaked into a crankcase.	The is the reason of crankcase..	0
With the Ramps and platform for off-ground vehicle washing, used water is collected in a receptacle below platform.	There is no causality between With and platform..	1
With the Ramps and platform for off-ground vehicle washing, used water is collected in a receptacle below platform.	With is the reason of platform..	0
He slowly inserted the disk into the removable disk drive.	There is no causality between He and drive..	1
He slowly inserted the disk into the removable disk drive.	He is the reason of drive..	0
A new module has been imported into the Mozilla browser.	There is no causality between A and browser..	1
A new module has been imported into the Mozilla browser.	A is the reason of browser..	0
As part of his wicked plan, Pete promotes Mickey and his pals into the legion of musketeers and assigns them to guard Minnie.	There is no causality between As and Minnie..	1
As part of his wicked plan, Pete promotes Mickey and his pals into the legion of musketeers and assigns them to guard Minnie.	As is the reason of Minnie..	0
The mice fell into the trap.	There is no causality between The and trap..	1
The mice fell into the trap.	The is the reason of trap..	0
The Australian Flexible Learning Framework has released a new report on mobile learning.	There is no causality between The and learning..	1
The Australian Flexible Learning Framework has released a new report on mobile learning.	The is the reason of learning..	0
In the case of public corporations every citizen is a member of the corporation.	There is no causality between In and corporation..	1
In the case of public corporations every citizen is a member of the corporation.	In is the reason of corporation..	0
Their composer has sunk into oblivion.	There is no causality between Their and oblivion..	1
Their composer has sunk into oblivion.	Their is the reason of oblivion..	0
Semiconductor tech diagnoses eye disease over the Internet.	There is no causality between Semiconductor and Internet..	1
Semiconductor tech diagnoses eye disease over the Internet.	Semiconductor is the reason of Internet..	0
The man has written his most high-profile work yet, a poem to be broadcast on television to mark the fifth anniversary of the World Trade Center attacks.	There is no causality between The and attacks..	1
The man has written his most high-profile work yet, a poem to be broadcast on television to mark the fifth anniversary of the World Trade Center attacks.	The is the reason of attacks..	0
Extra-alveolar veins are contiguous and leaked fluid into periarterial cuffs in the rabbit lungs.	There is no causality between Extra-alveolar and lungs..	1
Extra-alveolar veins are contiguous and leaked fluid into periarterial cuffs in the rabbit lungs.	Extra-alveolar is the reason of lungs..	0
Still other examples of the potter's ceramics are clad in slinky assortments of tassels and beads.	There is no causality between Still and beads..	1
Still other examples of the potter's ceramics are clad in slinky assortments of tassels and beads.	Still is the reason of beads..	0
We have inherited predispositions to anxiety.	There is no causality between We and anxiety..	1
We have inherited predispositions to anxiety.	We is the reason of anxiety..	0
It was a factory for destroying perfectly good pants.	There is no causality between It and pants..	1
It was a factory for destroying perfectly good pants.	It is the reason of pants..	0
Alzheimer's disease is a degenerative brain disorder that results in memory loss, impaired thinking, difficulty finding the right word when speaking, and personality changes .	a degenerative brain disorder cause personality changes	1
Alzheimer's disease is a degenerative brain disorder that results in memory loss, impaired thinking, difficulty finding the right word when speaking, and personality changes .	personality changes cause a degenerative brain disorder	0
Also included is our Commission Authorization form, which collects the author's contact information and authorizes us to retain our standard 5% commission.	There is no causality between Also and commission..	1
Also included is our Commission Authorization form, which collects the author's contact information and authorizes us to retain our standard 5% commission.	Also is the reason of commission..	0
The shipments have arrived into the stock.	There is no causality between The and stock..	1
The shipments have arrived into the stock.	The is the reason of stock..	0
The grenade was inside a tin alongside the hotel fence.	There is no causality between The and fence..	1
The grenade was inside a tin alongside the hotel fence.	The is the reason of fence..	0
Illegal overcharge was passed on to the customers.	There is no causality between Illegal and customers..	1
Illegal overcharge was passed on to the customers.	Illegal is the reason of customers..	0
Before leaving Peter bought a silver star necklace for Tina.	There is no causality between Before and Tina..	1
Before leaving Peter bought a silver star necklace for Tina.	Before is the reason of Tina..	0
Topping is the indiscriminate removal of a tree 's crown, cutting off large branches and the main stem of the tree, leaving large branch stubs.	There is no causality between Topping and stubs..	1
Topping is the indiscriminate removal of a tree 's crown, cutting off large branches and the main stem of the tree, leaving large branch stubs.	Topping is the reason of stubs..	0
Parent verbalizations were focused on story-relevant questions.	There is no causality between Parent and questions..	1
Parent verbalizations were focused on story-relevant questions.	Parent is the reason of questions..	0
For example, measles and chickenpox cause rashes along with other symptoms.	chickenpox was radiating from rashes	1
For example, measles and chickenpox cause rashes along with other symptoms.	rashes was radiating from chickenpox	0
In order to gather experimental data, researchers explicitly defined a model describing the process.	There is no causality between In and process..	1
In order to gather experimental data, researchers explicitly defined a model describing the process.	In is the reason of process..	0
A cable or rode is the rope, chain, or combination thereof used to connect the anchor to the vessel.	There is no causality between A and vessel..	1
A cable or rode is the rope, chain, or combination thereof used to connect the anchor to the vessel.	A is the reason of vessel..	0
A girl plays her violin on a pogo stick.	There is no causality between A and stick..	1
A girl plays her violin on a pogo stick.	A is the reason of stick..	0
The mite's burrows, fecal matter, proteins and eggs cause itching, rashes and sensitivity.	The mite's burrows, fecal matter, proteins and eggs from sensitivity	1
The mite's burrows, fecal matter, proteins and eggs cause itching, rashes and sensitivity.	sensitivity from The mite's burrows, fecal matter, proteins and eggs	0
And on other stormy days the boy learned to whittle out a straight shaft for the long bow, and tip it with gray goose feathers.	There is no causality between And and feathers..	1
And on other stormy days the boy learned to whittle out a straight shaft for the long bow, and tip it with gray goose feathers.	And is the reason of feathers..	0
The band performs with a high level of musicality, energy and spirit while combining sensitive group interplay with dynamic solo improvisations.	There is no causality between The and improvisations..	1
The band performs with a high level of musicality, energy and spirit while combining sensitive group interplay with dynamic solo improvisations.	The is the reason of improvisations..	0
Even commercial networks have moved into high-definition broadcast.	There is no causality between Even and broadcast..	1
Even commercial networks have moved into high-definition broadcast.	Even is the reason of broadcast..	0
She guessed the backpage of the news paper, and she won.	There is no causality between She and won..	1
She guessed the backpage of the news paper, and she won.	She is the reason of won..	0
She poured flour into a flat metal pan.	There is no causality between She and pan..	1
She poured flour into a flat metal pan.	She is the reason of pan..	0
Five seconds later the disguise was in a bin and he was just your average joe in the fluero singlet and workboots walkin down the path.	There is no causality between Five and path..	1
Five seconds later the disguise was in a bin and he was just your average joe in the fluero singlet and workboots walkin down the path.	Five is the reason of path..	0
In the older sections of the city the street in front of one's house is considered the person's responsibility, it is seen as an extension of their house.	There is no causality between In and house..	1
In the older sections of the city the street in front of one's house is considered the person's responsibility, it is seen as an extension of their house.	In is the reason of house..	0
Frustrations, threats, and conflicts cause stress.	conflicts instigated by stress	1
Frustrations, threats, and conflicts cause stress.	stress instigated by conflicts	0
Job dissatisfaction is one of the main causes of stress and stress is one of the main causes of illness.	stress cause illness	1
Job dissatisfaction is one of the main causes of stress and stress is one of the main causes of illness.	illness cause stress	0
Members are primarily interested in issues related to family law.	There is no causality between Members and law..	1
Members are primarily interested in issues related to family law.	Members is the reason of law..	0
Tribble's one-story, wood-frame home is the 34th that the group has constructed in the county.	There is no causality between Tribble's and county..	1
Tribble's one-story, wood-frame home is the 34th that the group has constructed in the county.	Tribble's is the reason of county..	0
He wrote an article, that pointed out factual problems in the work of New York Times columnist and author David Brooks.	There is no causality between He and Brooks..	1
He wrote an article, that pointed out factual problems in the work of New York Times columnist and author David Brooks.	He is the reason of Brooks..	0
In 1996, a major publishing company simultaneously launched in 13 countries a dinosaur cartoon strip carried in a weekly comic book.	There is no causality between In and book..	1
In 1996, a major publishing company simultaneously launched in 13 countries a dinosaur cartoon strip carried in a weekly comic book.	In is the reason of book..	0
They leaked oil into the radiator.	There is no causality between They and radiator..	1
They leaked oil into the radiator.	They is the reason of radiator..	0
This study has added insights into the diversity as a phenomenon in nursing and has implications for the nursing profession.	There is no causality between This and profession..	1
This study has added insights into the diversity as a phenomenon in nursing and has implications for the nursing profession.	This is the reason of profession..	0
As the earth revolves around the sun, the place where light shines the brightest changes.	There is no causality between As and changes..	1
As the earth revolves around the sun, the place where light shines the brightest changes.	As is the reason of changes..	0
The important thing is to be able to write two or three sentences pointing out similarities and differences between the poems.	There is no causality between The and poems..	1
The important thing is to be able to write two or three sentences pointing out similarities and differences between the poems.	The is the reason of poems..	0
We leave the bail of the reel open and place your the rod in a double mounted set up as shown on the facing page.	There is no causality between We and page..	1
We leave the bail of the reel open and place your the rod in a double mounted set up as shown on the facing page.	We is the reason of page..	0
This is a clear and concise guide to the work of one of the twentieth century's most influential thinkers.	There is no causality between This and thinkers..	1
This is a clear and concise guide to the work of one of the twentieth century's most influential thinkers.	This is the reason of thinkers..	0
His interview for Colonel James Critchfield of the CIA's Gehlen Organization that runs to nearly a thousand pages was hidden in the CIA's files for years.	There is no causality between His and years..	1
His interview for Colonel James Critchfield of the CIA's Gehlen Organization that runs to nearly a thousand pages was hidden in the CIA's files for years.	His is the reason of years..	0
Their omelette was put inside the bread and was served on their plates.	There is no causality between Their and plates..	1
Their omelette was put inside the bread and was served on their plates.	Their is the reason of plates..	0
A full quarter of the products in the supermarket have some form of corn in them.	There is no causality between A and them..	1
A full quarter of the products in the supermarket have some form of corn in them.	A is the reason of them..	0
The tsunami was generated by an undersea landslide, which was triggered by the earthquake.	the earthquake caused by an undersea landslide	1
The tsunami was generated by an undersea landslide, which was triggered by the earthquake.	an undersea landslide caused by the earthquake	0
He used his finger on the stick of the toothpick for a trial balance.	There is no causality between He and balance..	1
He used his finger on the stick of the toothpick for a trial balance.	He is the reason of balance..	0
These implants were placed into function.	There is no causality between These and function..	1
These implants were placed into function.	These is the reason of function..	0
Mayans charted Venus's motion across the sky, poured chocolate into jars and interred them with the dead.	There is no causality between Mayans and dead..	1
Mayans charted Venus's motion across the sky, poured chocolate into jars and interred them with the dead.	Mayans is the reason of dead..	0
They advised me that their records for 1993 were in a box of files in a warehouse.	There is no causality between They and warehouse..	1
They advised me that their records for 1993 were in a box of files in a warehouse.	They is the reason of warehouse..	0
A thermostat keeps the water at the requested temperature.	There is no causality between A and temperature..	1
A thermostat keeps the water at the requested temperature.	A is the reason of temperature..	0
Millers checked that the stones used for cereal grinding weren't overheating.	There is no causality between Millers and overheating..	1
Millers checked that the stones used for cereal grinding weren't overheating.	Millers is the reason of overheating..	0
The burglar forgot to log out before leaving the home with two diamond rings.	There is no causality between The and rings..	1
The burglar forgot to log out before leaving the home with two diamond rings.	The is the reason of rings..	0
Skype founders have moved into a net TV.	There is no causality between Skype and TV..	1
Skype founders have moved into a net TV.	Skype is the reason of TV..	0
Too often, students were misplaced into alternative schools.	There is no causality between Too and schools..	1
Too often, students were misplaced into alternative schools.	Too is the reason of schools..	0
The mobile meth was inside a van parked inside a storage unit at 4095 West Kearns.	There is no causality between The and Kearns..	1
The mobile meth was inside a van parked inside a storage unit at 4095 West Kearns.	The is the reason of Kearns..	0
This blouse puts a unique twist on the classic blouse with bat-wing sleeves.	There is no causality between This and sleeves..	1
This blouse puts a unique twist on the classic blouse with bat-wing sleeves.	This is the reason of sleeves..	0
The researchers inserted caffeine into baked goods.	There is no causality between The and goods..	1
The researchers inserted caffeine into baked goods.	The is the reason of goods..	0
My cockatiel threw up this morning.	There is no causality between My and morning..	1
My cockatiel threw up this morning.	My is the reason of morning..	0
He sent the revellers into party mode.	There is no causality between He and mode..	1
He sent the revellers into party mode.	He is the reason of mode..	0
The facades of the palace consist of beautifully decorated wooden doors and windows and ventilations in addition to decorated gypsum motifs.	There is no causality between The and motifs..	1
The facades of the palace consist of beautifully decorated wooden doors and windows and ventilations in addition to decorated gypsum motifs.	The is the reason of motifs..	0
The exact equations are set out in later sections of this article.	There is no causality between The and article..	1
The exact equations are set out in later sections of this article.	The is the reason of article..	0
Some of my most recent blogs were concerned with life on the croft in various seasons.	There is no causality between Some and seasons..	1
Some of my most recent blogs were concerned with life on the croft in various seasons.	Some is the reason of seasons..	0
The teenage boys were dragged into the fighting at school.	There is no causality between The and school..	1
The teenage boys were dragged into the fighting at school.	The is the reason of school..	0
I find it hard to bend and reach and use the cupboards in my kitchen.	There is no causality between I and kitchen..	1
I find it hard to bend and reach and use the cupboards in my kitchen.	I is the reason of kitchen..	0
There are several scripts to shut down Windows, hibernate or put the computer to sleep.	There is no causality between There and sleep..	1
There are several scripts to shut down Windows, hibernate or put the computer to sleep.	There is the reason of sleep..	0
The new residents have been moved into their brand new home.	There is no causality between The and home..	1
The new residents have been moved into their brand new home.	The is the reason of home..	0
A multi-purpose electrician pliers tool is crucial for severing any gauge wire with which the electrician is working.	There is no causality between A and working..	1
A multi-purpose electrician pliers tool is crucial for severing any gauge wire with which the electrician is working.	A is the reason of working..	0
The western region of Mauritania is the scene of a serious plague of desert locusts.	There is no causality between The and locusts..	1
The western region of Mauritania is the scene of a serious plague of desert locusts.	The is the reason of locusts..	0
The package includes an audio and video receiver that transmits information to the plasma display.	There is no causality between The and display..	1
The package includes an audio and video receiver that transmits information to the plasma display.	The is the reason of display..	0
People look at me as if I'm crazy talking to a bottle full of wine.	There is no causality between People and wine..	1
People look at me as if I'm crazy talking to a bottle full of wine.	People is the reason of wine..	0
The chancellor confirmed that this measure was under discussion.	There is no causality between The and discussion..	1
The chancellor confirmed that this measure was under discussion.	The is the reason of discussion..	0
I was walking on a beach today and found a plastic bottle with paper in it.	There is no causality between I and it..	1
I was walking on a beach today and found a plastic bottle with paper in it.	I is the reason of it..	0
The shape of the vessel is seen in a ewer that has been in the Metropolitan Museum for many years.	There is no causality between The and years..	1
The shape of the vessel is seen in a ewer that has been in the Metropolitan Museum for many years.	The is the reason of years..	0
The full featured keyboards had keys 4 times bigger than the traditional keyboard.	There is no causality between The and keyboard..	1
The full featured keyboards had keys 4 times bigger than the traditional keyboard.	The is the reason of keyboard..	0
The glass spindle of the areometer  is immersed in the liquid under analysis.	There is no causality between The and analysis..	1
The glass spindle of the areometer  is immersed in the liquid under analysis.	The is the reason of analysis..	0
In early October, Anwar al-Awlaki, a radical cleric based in Yemen, posted a provocative message on his English-language Web site.	There is no causality between In and site..	1
In early October, Anwar al-Awlaki, a radical cleric based in Yemen, posted a provocative message on his English-language Web site.	In is the reason of site..	0
At that point the patient grabbed the arm of the dentist to forcibly pull the drill out of his mouth.	There is no causality between At and mouth..	1
At that point the patient grabbed the arm of the dentist to forcibly pull the drill out of his mouth.	At is the reason of mouth..	0
In the past three to four years, many industry people have come into the venture world.	There is no causality between In and world..	1
In the past three to four years, many industry people have come into the venture world.	In is the reason of world..	0
Six horses wearing elaborate harnesses had been sacrificed and lay on the logs which formed the roof of the burial chamber.	There is no causality between Six and chamber..	1
Six horses wearing elaborate harnesses had been sacrificed and lay on the logs which formed the roof of the burial chamber.	Six is the reason of chamber..	0
This particular slot machine has three reels and two paylines.	There is no causality between This and paylines..	1
This particular slot machine has three reels and two paylines.	This is the reason of paylines..	0
Remaining under the same influence, it was in the natural order of events that John, a little later, recorded his awakening into the new life at a religious meeting at a quarter before nine o'clock on the evening of May 24th 1738.	There is no causality between Remaining and 1738..	1
Remaining under the same influence, it was in the natural order of events that John, a little later, recorded his awakening into the new life at a religious meeting at a quarter before nine o'clock on the evening of May 24th 1738.	Remaining is the reason of 1738..	0
One man pours on a liquid while the other man stirs the mixture with a wooden paddle or spatula.	There is no causality between One and spatula..	1
One man pours on a liquid while the other man stirs the mixture with a wooden paddle or spatula.	One is the reason of spatula..	0
This outlaw has exported terrorism to our society.	There is no causality between This and society..	1
This outlaw has exported terrorism to our society.	This is the reason of society..	0
In the nineteenth century, modern manholes and the modern manhole cover were developed.	There is no causality between In and developed..	1
In the nineteenth century, modern manholes and the modern manhole cover were developed.	In is the reason of developed..	0
There are a number of fairly standard conventions when framing a business letter that it is important to observe.	There is no causality between There and observe..	1
There are a number of fairly standard conventions when framing a business letter that it is important to observe.	There is the reason of observe..	0
Two of Walters's fingers are inside the koala 's pouch.	There is no causality between Two and pouch..	1
Two of Walters's fingers are inside the koala 's pouch.	Two is the reason of pouch..	0
There are a series of books dealing with the identification of groups of birds.	There is no causality between There and birds..	1
There are a series of books dealing with the identification of groups of birds.	There is the reason of birds..	0
One bottle of red wine in a carton box costs 6 euro per order unit.	There is no causality between One and unit..	1
One bottle of red wine in a carton box costs 6 euro per order unit.	One is the reason of unit..	0
This plane arrives into the international airport in Melbourne.	There is no causality between This and Melbourne..	1
This plane arrives into the international airport in Melbourne.	This is the reason of Melbourne..	0
Our director is a member of the AEA, NAFSA, and EAIE organizations.	There is no causality between Our and organizations..	1
Our director is a member of the AEA, NAFSA, and EAIE organizations.	Our is the reason of organizations..	0
Ibsen's work examined the realities that lay behind many facades, possessing a revelatory nature that was disquieting to many contemporaries.	There is no causality between Ibsen's and contemporaries..	1
Ibsen's work examined the realities that lay behind many facades, possessing a revelatory nature that was disquieting to many contemporaries.	Ibsen's is the reason of contemporaries..	0
The umpire in the game of Serina Williams and Martinez Sanchez was true.	There is no causality between The and true..	1
The umpire in the game of Serina Williams and Martinez Sanchez was true.	The is the reason of true..	0
Milinkovich, executive director for life of the Eclipse Foundation  broke the news today in his blog.	There is no causality between Milinkovich, and blog..	1
Milinkovich, executive director for life of the Eclipse Foundation  broke the news today in his blog.	Milinkovich, is the reason of blog..	0
Solutions involving legislation, technical innovation and international cooperation have been examined.	There is no causality between Solutions and examined..	1
Solutions involving legislation, technical innovation and international cooperation have been examined.	Solutions is the reason of examined..	0
It is a monthly report providing opinion and advice on current United States government contract issues.	There is no causality between It and issues..	1
It is a monthly report providing opinion and advice on current United States government contract issues.	It is the reason of issues..	0
The rabbits are unhappy when left alone in a hutch in the garden, as they need company.	There is no causality between The and company..	1
The rabbits are unhappy when left alone in a hutch in the garden, as they need company.	The is the reason of company..	0
Anyway, when he read that Stacey had spent the night beneath the stare of more than 30 owls, his interest was piqued.	There is no causality between Anyway, and piqued..	1
Anyway, when he read that Stacey had spent the night beneath the stare of more than 30 owls, his interest was piqued.	Anyway, is the reason of piqued..	0
The mushroom was found in a mass of wet twigs and leaves.	There is no causality between The and leaves..	1
The mushroom was found in a mass of wet twigs and leaves.	The is the reason of leaves..	0
A suitcase with his things in it was on the doorstep.	There is no causality between A and doorstep..	1
A suitcase with his things in it was on the doorstep.	A is the reason of doorstep..	0
The map to the left shows a snapshot of weather conditions in selected towns across Italy.	There is no causality between The and Italy..	1
The map to the left shows a snapshot of weather conditions in selected towns across Italy.	The is the reason of Italy..	0
I was hoping to find yet another bed of clams, but no luck.	There is no causality between I and luck..	1
I was hoping to find yet another bed of clams, but no luck.	I is the reason of luck..	0
Despite this defeat, Armstrong continued to work and plan toward the realization of his dream, the preservation of his beloved grove of redwoods.	There is no causality between Despite and redwoods..	1
Despite this defeat, Armstrong continued to work and plan toward the realization of his dream, the preservation of his beloved grove of redwoods.	Despite is the reason of redwoods..	0
Other countries are also sinking into recession.	There is no causality between Other and recession..	1
Other countries are also sinking into recession.	Other is the reason of recession..	0
The computer mouse has been the input device of choice for a long time now in the computer world.	There is no causality between The and world..	1
The computer mouse has been the input device of choice for a long time now in the computer world.	The is the reason of world..	0
Ceres is the largest known asteroid at approximately 950 km  in diameter, and it lies in the belt of asteroids between Mars and Jupiter.	There is no causality between Ceres and Jupiter..	1
Ceres is the largest known asteroid at approximately 950 km  in diameter, and it lies in the belt of asteroids between Mars and Jupiter.	Ceres is the reason of Jupiter..	0
Furthermore, several areas have also been added to the spaces.	There is no causality between Furthermore, and spaces..	1
Furthermore, several areas have also been added to the spaces.	Furthermore, is the reason of spaces..	0
The concerns over security has moved into the boardrooms.	There is no causality between The and boardrooms..	1
The concerns over security has moved into the boardrooms.	The is the reason of boardrooms..	0
A girl plays her violin on a pogo stick.	There is no causality between A and stick..	1
A girl plays her violin on a pogo stick.	A is the reason of stick..	0
The spam already travels into the mail server.	There is no causality between The and server..	1
The spam already travels into the mail server.	The is the reason of server..	0
With an innate desire to know and to do, mankind has progressed past placing a dead fish in every hill of corn, beans and squash.	There is no causality between With and squash..	1
With an innate desire to know and to do, mankind has progressed past placing a dead fish in every hill of corn, beans and squash.	With is the reason of squash..	0
The remaining power is exported to the grid.	There is no causality between The and grid..	1
The remaining power is exported to the grid.	The is the reason of grid..	0
To connect the microcontroller to the Internet, one must implement a protocol stack on the device.	There is no causality between To and device..	1
To connect the microcontroller to the Internet, one must implement a protocol stack on the device.	To is the reason of device..	0
A second element of debate had to do with transparency.	There is no causality between A and transparency..	1
A second element of debate had to do with transparency.	A is the reason of transparency..	0
The endocrine system is composed of a number of glands.	There is no causality between The and glands..	1
The endocrine system is composed of a number of glands.	The is the reason of glands..	0
The rudders in dinghy boats are either fixed or have a lifting blade.	There is no causality between The and blade..	1
The rudders in dinghy boats are either fixed or have a lifting blade.	The is the reason of blade..	0
The basket was full of furry orange-and-black faces -- kittens.	There is no causality between The and kittens..	1
The basket was full of furry orange-and-black faces -- kittens.	The is the reason of kittens..	0
Greasy or oily rags or materials subject to spontaneous ignition are deposited in a receptacle.	There is no causality between Greasy and receptacle..	1
Greasy or oily rags or materials subject to spontaneous ignition are deposited in a receptacle.	Greasy is the reason of receptacle..	0
Birds with eyes on the sides of their heads have a wide visual field, while birds with eyes on the front of their heads, such as owls, have binocular vision.	There is no causality between Birds and vision..	1
Birds with eyes on the sides of their heads have a wide visual field, while birds with eyes on the front of their heads, such as owls, have binocular vision.	Birds is the reason of vision..	0
He was generous enough to bring in a hamper of festive goodies for one of you lot to win.	There is no causality between He and win..	1
He was generous enough to bring in a hamper of festive goodies for one of you lot to win.	He is the reason of win..	0
He also went on to found NeXT Inc., a computer company that built machines with futuristic designs.	There is no causality between He and designs..	1
He also went on to found NeXT Inc., a computer company that built machines with futuristic designs.	He is the reason of designs..	0
The three valves of the trumpet add lengths of tubing to the instrument to lower the pitch.	There is no causality between The and pitch..	1
The three valves of the trumpet add lengths of tubing to the instrument to lower the pitch.	The is the reason of pitch..	0
Among the additional contents of the box were a controller, an audio/video connector, a plug, and quite a few manuals and booklets.	There is no causality between Among and booklets..	1
Among the additional contents of the box were a controller, an audio/video connector, a plug, and quite a few manuals and booklets.	Among is the reason of booklets..	0
The fact that you actually caused an accident that resulted in injury or death gives them the justification they need to prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law, and seek the toughest penalties possible.	an accident because death	1
The fact that you actually caused an accident that resulted in injury or death gives them the justification they need to prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law, and seek the toughest penalties possible.	death because an accident	0
A preamble explains the document's purpose and underlying philosophy.	There is no causality between A and philosophy..	1
A preamble explains the document's purpose and underlying philosophy.	A is the reason of philosophy..	0
Steroid Nation  is an online journal looking at the use of anabolic steroids in sports, youth, and society.	There is no causality between Steroid and society..	1
Steroid Nation  is an online journal looking at the use of anabolic steroids in sports, youth, and society.	Steroid is the reason of society..	0
The contents of the workshop included a discussion on various documents in respect of exports, imports and documents relating to letters of credit.	There is no causality between The and credit..	1
The contents of the workshop included a discussion on various documents in respect of exports, imports and documents relating to letters of credit.	The is the reason of credit..	0
The Appellant noticed that the switch of the circuit breaker which feeds 440 volts A.C. power to the main switchboard in the engine.	There is no causality between The and engine..	1
The Appellant noticed that the switch of the circuit breaker which feeds 440 volts A.C. power to the main switchboard in the engine.	The is the reason of engine..	0
This volume analyzes central concepts of the contemporary political debate.	There is no causality between This and debate..	1
This volume analyzes central concepts of the contemporary political debate.	This is the reason of debate..	0
The bacteria released arsenic into the groundwater.	There is no causality between The and groundwater..	1
The bacteria released arsenic into the groundwater.	The is the reason of groundwater..	0
Now we are beginning to understand how the brain works using brain-machine interface technology.	There is no causality between Now and technology..	1
Now we are beginning to understand how the brain works using brain-machine interface technology.	Now is the reason of technology..	0
The NNT and NNH are useful indices to describe the trade-off between the benefit and the harm produced by a new treatment.	a new treatment instigated by the harm	1
The NNT and NNH are useful indices to describe the trade-off between the benefit and the harm produced by a new treatment.	the harm instigated by a new treatment	0
The painter's tape has to be removed.	There is no causality between The and removed..	1
The painter's tape has to be removed.	The is the reason of removed..	0
It runs past La Guardia Airport, where the senator took the shuttle to Washington many times.	There is no causality between It and times..	1
It runs past La Guardia Airport, where the senator took the shuttle to Washington many times.	It is the reason of times..	0
I like how the device is crammed into a beaker; I view this gizmo as a metaphor for a mad scientist's brain.	There is no causality between I and brain..	1
I like how the device is crammed into a beaker; I view this gizmo as a metaphor for a mad scientist's brain.	I is the reason of brain..	0
Quickly, but neatly, the secretary tore the side open with a letter opener, pulling out yet another sheet of paper.	There is no causality between Quickly, and paper..	1
Quickly, but neatly, the secretary tore the side open with a letter opener, pulling out yet another sheet of paper.	Quickly, is the reason of paper..	0
The newly recruited soldiers arrived to the training camp.	There is no causality between The and camp..	1
The newly recruited soldiers arrived to the training camp.	The is the reason of camp..	0
Two deers ran into cars.	There is no causality between Two and cars..	1
Two deers ran into cars.	Two is the reason of cars..	0
An important challenge for the new administration was to address the insecurity and poverty caused by civil war.	civil war instigated by poverty	1
An important challenge for the new administration was to address the insecurity and poverty caused by civil war.	poverty instigated by civil war	0
The Entrepreneurs Forum event is postponed to tomorrow.	There is no causality between The and tomorrow..	1
The Entrepreneurs Forum event is postponed to tomorrow.	The is the reason of tomorrow..	0
He preserved the working ranches of the west, while achieving an expansion of the ranch's value through development and management of the recreational ecosystem within the ranch.	management cause achieving an expansion	1
He preserved the working ranches of the west, while achieving an expansion of the ranch's value through development and management of the recreational ecosystem within the ranch.	achieving an expansion cause management	0
Rains and melting snow lead to Genesee County's biggest sewage spill of the year.	melting snow from Genesee County's biggest sewage spill	1
Rains and melting snow lead to Genesee County's biggest sewage spill of the year.	Genesee County's biggest sewage spill from melting snow	0
He has added his cousin into his portfolio.	There is no causality between He and portfolio..	1
He has added his cousin into his portfolio.	He is the reason of portfolio..	0
It was a significant environmental hazard in the copper smelting process when the emissions were released into the atmosphere.	There is no causality between It and atmosphere..	1
It was a significant environmental hazard in the copper smelting process when the emissions were released into the atmosphere.	It is the reason of atmosphere..	0
The computer was inside a water-proof box.	There is no causality between The and box..	1
The computer was inside a water-proof box.	The is the reason of box..	0
The object was inside a nylon bag, and the blasting caps were inside a plastic case.	There is no causality between The and case..	1
The object was inside a nylon bag, and the blasting caps were inside a plastic case.	The is the reason of case..	0
The Italian donated equipment to the charity.	There is no causality between The and charity..	1
The Italian donated equipment to the charity.	The is the reason of charity..	0
They're as artful as a cartload of monkeys when it comes to breaking the rules.	There is no causality between They're and rules..	1
They're as artful as a cartload of monkeys when it comes to breaking the rules.	They're is the reason of rules..	0
The helicopter was landing into the high grass during the combat SAR demo with soldiers on board.	There is no causality between The and board..	1
The helicopter was landing into the high grass during the combat SAR demo with soldiers on board.	The is the reason of board..	0
Continued exposure to higher concentrations of the gas cause disorientation, convulsions, unconsciousness and death.	Continued exposure instigated by death	1
Continued exposure to higher concentrations of the gas cause disorientation, convulsions, unconsciousness and death.	death instigated by Continued exposure	0
An unexploded bomb was discovered inside a powdered milk can two months ago.	There is no causality between An and ago..	1
An unexploded bomb was discovered inside a powdered milk can two months ago.	An is the reason of ago..	0
I had three of the eights against a flush of clubs.	There is no causality between I and clubs..	1
I had three of the eights against a flush of clubs.	I is the reason of clubs..	0
The hard drive was forgotten placed inside a car, which was ignited.	There is no causality between The and ignited..	1
The hard drive was forgotten placed inside a car, which was ignited.	The is the reason of ignited..	0
This document is part of the WHO information series on school health.	There is no causality between This and health..	1
This document is part of the WHO information series on school health.	This is the reason of health..	0
Enigmatic discoveries of dark matter a few decades ago and of dark energy a few years ago have thrown physics into turmoil.	There is no causality between Enigmatic and turmoil..	1
Enigmatic discoveries of dark matter a few decades ago and of dark energy a few years ago have thrown physics into turmoil.	Enigmatic is the reason of turmoil..	0
He put sugar into his coffee without even trying it.	There is no causality between He and it..	1
He put sugar into his coffee without even trying it.	He is the reason of it..	0
The cops took the man into custody.	There is no causality between The and custody..	1
The cops took the man into custody.	The is the reason of custody..	0
Within a minute, the guard leaves the podium again and disappears into the crowd.	There is no causality between Within and crowd..	1
Within a minute, the guard leaves the podium again and disappears into the crowd.	Within is the reason of crowd..	0
Inside the car, keys were found in the ignition and Codario-Ferrino's license was discovered inside a purse on the passenger's seat.	There is no causality between Inside and seat..	1
Inside the car, keys were found in the ignition and Codario-Ferrino's license was discovered inside a purse on the passenger's seat.	Inside is the reason of seat..	0
Two days ago, Adept Garazo sighted a wake of ash vultures circling over the foothills of the Redimeres.	There is no causality between Two and Redimeres..	1
Two days ago, Adept Garazo sighted a wake of ash vultures circling over the foothills of the Redimeres.	Two is the reason of Redimeres..	0
There are a few simple steps you take to ensure you have selected the correct landscape company.	There is no causality between There and company..	1
There are a few simple steps you take to ensure you have selected the correct landscape company.	There is the reason of company..	0
The social worker has placed the girl into the loving family of a lawyer.	There is no causality between The and lawyer..	1
The social worker has placed the girl into the loving family of a lawyer.	The is the reason of lawyer..	0
But researchers have now learnt how molecules at the site of the synapse behave to cement a memory.	There is no causality between But and memory..	1
But researchers have now learnt how molecules at the site of the synapse behave to cement a memory.	But is the reason of memory..	0
This set of buttons comes with the colorful printed paper insert placed inside of the gum machine.	There is no causality between This and machine..	1
This set of buttons comes with the colorful printed paper insert placed inside of the gum machine.	This is the reason of machine..	0
The motor unit is housed inside a caisson.	There is no causality between The and caisson..	1
The motor unit is housed inside a caisson.	The is the reason of caisson..	0
In a taped interview she recounted two occasions on which she had lent money.	There is no causality between In and money..	1
In a taped interview she recounted two occasions on which she had lent money.	In is the reason of money..	0
I once had a mixed orchard of plums, sweet cherries, apricots, tart cherries, peaches and apples.	There is no causality between I and apples..	1
I once had a mixed orchard of plums, sweet cherries, apricots, tart cherries, peaches and apples.	I is the reason of apples..	0
The Free States of Alaska is a loose confederation of various species of bears in the far northern lands and outlands of Megatexas.	There is no causality between The and Megatexas..	1
The Free States of Alaska is a loose confederation of various species of bears in the far northern lands and outlands of Megatexas.	The is the reason of Megatexas..	0
Max Weber's 1922 opus, Economy and Society discusses the link between a pantheon of gods and the development of monotheism.	There is no causality between Max and monotheism..	1
Max Weber's 1922 opus, Economy and Society discusses the link between a pantheon of gods and the development of monotheism.	Max is the reason of monotheism..	0
A similar image search feature has been added to the software.	There is no causality between A and software..	1
A similar image search feature has been added to the software.	A is the reason of software..	0
She formed the dough into a round loaf and placed the dough in a greased nine-inch metal pie pan.	There is no causality between She and pan..	1
She formed the dough into a round loaf and placed the dough in a greased nine-inch metal pie pan.	She is the reason of pan..	0
These two ports were specialized in the manufacture of luxury goods.	There is no causality between These and goods..	1
These two ports were specialized in the manufacture of luxury goods.	These is the reason of goods..	0
It was an immense flight of gulls, seamews, and cormorants; a vast multitude of affrighted sea birds.	There is no causality between It and birds..	1
It was an immense flight of gulls, seamews, and cormorants; a vast multitude of affrighted sea birds.	It is the reason of birds..	0
To take the fragment of green material first, I found it caught in the bolt of the communicating door between that room and the adjoining one.	There is no causality between To and one..	1
To take the fragment of green material first, I found it caught in the bolt of the communicating door between that room and the adjoining one.	To is the reason of one..	0
The Obama administration supports ending the use of antibiotics for growth and feed efficiency in food animals.	antibiotics instigated by feed efficiency	1
The Obama administration supports ending the use of antibiotics for growth and feed efficiency in food animals.	feed efficiency instigated by antibiotics	0
Condo associations are turning to receiverships to collect rent on foreclosed units.	There is no causality between Condo and units..	1
Condo associations are turning to receiverships to collect rent on foreclosed units.	Condo is the reason of units..	0
His body was in a suitcase which had been dumped in a duck pond.	There is no causality between His and pond..	1
His body was in a suitcase which had been dumped in a duck pond.	His is the reason of pond..	0
The gist of Stephen's talk was the need for BRMSs to evolve to the next level.	There is no causality between The and level..	1
The gist of Stephen's talk was the need for BRMSs to evolve to the next level.	The is the reason of level..	0
In a peep of bantam chickens, proliferative skin lesions were observed on the shanks of 6 of 29 birds, with digit necrosis observed in some birds.	There is no causality between In and birds..	1
In a peep of bantam chickens, proliferative skin lesions were observed on the shanks of 6 of 29 birds, with digit necrosis observed in some birds.	In is the reason of birds..	0
The cartridge was marked as empty, even with ink in both chambers.	There is no causality between The and chambers..	1
The cartridge was marked as empty, even with ink in both chambers.	The is the reason of chambers..	0
That claim is however exploited in the philosopher's dialogues.	There is no causality between That and dialogues..	1
That claim is however exploited in the philosopher's dialogues.	That is the reason of dialogues..	0
The themes of love and gaiety were reflected in sculpture, as were elements of nature, curving lines and asymmetry.	There is no causality between The and asymmetry..	1
The themes of love and gaiety were reflected in sculpture, as were elements of nature, curving lines and asymmetry.	The is the reason of asymmetry..	0
This is the eye of the bull in the constellation Taurus.	There is no causality between This and Taurus..	1
This is the eye of the bull in the constellation Taurus.	This is the reason of Taurus..	0
The CCCB is an institution that organizes contemporary cultural events and exhibitions with regard to music, dance, debates and readings.	There is no causality between The and readings..	1
The CCCB is an institution that organizes contemporary cultural events and exhibitions with regard to music, dance, debates and readings.	The is the reason of readings..	0
This poster advertises the 1898 exhibition of the shroud.	There is no causality between This and shroud..	1
This poster advertises the 1898 exhibition of the shroud.	This is the reason of shroud..	0
The new cigarettes cause headaches and nausea and contain dangerous chemicals.	The new cigarettes was radiating from nausea	1
The new cigarettes cause headaches and nausea and contain dangerous chemicals.	nausea was radiating from The new cigarettes	0
The winds have blown moop into some formerly moop-free areas.	There is no causality between The and areas..	1
The winds have blown moop into some formerly moop-free areas.	The is the reason of areas..	0
This forum is particularly specialized in firefighting, EMS, and rescue discussions.	There is no causality between This and discussions..	1
This forum is particularly specialized in firefighting, EMS, and rescue discussions.	This is the reason of discussions..	0
One in four Americans keeps coins in a jar.	There is no causality between One and jar..	1
One in four Americans keeps coins in a jar.	One is the reason of jar..	0
The four men are being dragged into the criminal underworld.	There is no causality between The and underworld..	1
The four men are being dragged into the criminal underworld.	The is the reason of underworld..	0
The popular soap has been moved to prime time.	There is no causality between The and time..	1
The popular soap has been moved to prime time.	The is the reason of time..	0
They stored the wine in a cool temperature.	There is no causality between They and temperature..	1
They stored the wine in a cool temperature.	They is the reason of temperature..	0
World powers threaten Iran with sanctions.	There is no causality between World and sanctions..	1
World powers threaten Iran with sanctions.	World is the reason of sanctions..	0
When I read that an Irish firm of solicitors was named "Argue and Phibbs" I assumed that this was an urban legend.	There is no causality between When and legend..	1
When I read that an Irish firm of solicitors was named "Argue and Phibbs" I assumed that this was an urban legend.	When is the reason of legend..	0
The whole episode was documented on video and stills, but these have never come to light.	There is no causality between The and light..	1
The whole episode was documented on video and stills, but these have never come to light.	The is the reason of light..	0
The minimum number of gauges on a passenger car dashboard are the speedometer and the fuel gauge.	There is no causality between The and gauge..	1
The minimum number of gauges on a passenger car dashboard are the speedometer and the fuel gauge.	The is the reason of gauge..	0
In recent years there have been many advances in the use of opioids for cancer pain.	There is no causality between In and pain..	1
In recent years there have been many advances in the use of opioids for cancer pain.	In is the reason of pain..	0
The money-laced comforter was in a suitcase bound for the Middle East aboard a commercial flight.	There is no causality between The and flight..	1
The money-laced comforter was in a suitcase bound for the Middle East aboard a commercial flight.	The is the reason of flight..	0
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers stopped a drug-smuggling attempt when they seized a suitcase full of marijuana.	There is no causality between U.S. and marijuana..	1
U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers stopped a drug-smuggling attempt when they seized a suitcase full of marijuana.	U.S. is the reason of marijuana..	0
Infectious mononucleosis due to the Epstein-Barr virus causes exudative tonsillitis or pharyngitis in about one-half of cases.	the Epstein-Barr virus lead to Infectious mononucleosis	1
Infectious mononucleosis due to the Epstein-Barr virus causes exudative tonsillitis or pharyngitis in about one-half of cases.	Infectious mononucleosis lead to the Epstein-Barr virus	0
It was he who uncovered the Honours of Scotland  in a locked room in the bowels of the castle, where they had been placed in 1707.	There is no causality between It and 1707..	1
It was he who uncovered the Honours of Scotland  in a locked room in the bowels of the castle, where they had been placed in 1707.	It is the reason of 1707..	0
Some of the land was farmed for coffee in the past, but it is now mostly native vegetation .	There is no causality between Some and ..	1
Some of the land was farmed for coffee in the past, but it is now mostly native vegetation .	Some is the reason of ..	0
Injected clodronate was removed into dialysate.	There is no causality between Injected and dialysate..	1
Injected clodronate was removed into dialysate.	Injected is the reason of dialysate..	0
The magazines were delivered to the subscribers on Tuesday.	There is no causality between The and Tuesday..	1
The magazines were delivered to the subscribers on Tuesday.	The is the reason of Tuesday..	0
We now live in a country in which the president wields the power to send the entire nation into war on his own initiative.	There is no causality between We and initiative..	1
We now live in a country in which the president wields the power to send the entire nation into war on his own initiative.	We is the reason of initiative..	0
He signed a proclamation that declares the flu a national emergency.	There is no causality between He and emergency..	1
He signed a proclamation that declares the flu a national emergency.	He is the reason of emergency..	0
I had told this headhunter's company repeatedly that I was only interested in working in the Philadelphia area.	There is no causality between I and area..	1
I had told this headhunter's company repeatedly that I was only interested in working in the Philadelphia area.	I is the reason of area..	0
A popular kitchen protection is a rope of garlic, onions or peppers.	There is no causality between A and peppers..	1
A popular kitchen protection is a rope of garlic, onions or peppers.	A is the reason of peppers..	0
A farmer erected the disguise in 2000 out of hundreds of 8ftx4ft bales of straw and covered the top with blue tarpaulin.	There is no causality between A and tarpaulin..	1
A farmer erected the disguise in 2000 out of hundreds of 8ftx4ft bales of straw and covered the top with blue tarpaulin.	A is the reason of tarpaulin..	0
The national prize was awarded to Lionacleit fashion pupils.	There is no causality between The and pupils..	1
The national prize was awarded to Lionacleit fashion pupils.	The is the reason of pupils..	0
The subjects adjusted the signal level with a shop-built attenuator.	There is no causality between The and attenuator..	1
The subjects adjusted the signal level with a shop-built attenuator.	The is the reason of attenuator..	0
Lumberjacks hold the axe handle nearer the axe head.	There is no causality between Lumberjacks and head..	1
Lumberjacks hold the axe handle nearer the axe head.	Lumberjacks is the reason of head..	0
It was a beautiful example of community forming - a circle of kindred souls who shared a vision and a dream.	There is no causality between It and dream..	1
It was a beautiful example of community forming - a circle of kindred souls who shared a vision and a dream.	It is the reason of dream..	0
Compared to running barefoot, running in conventional running shoes increases stress on the knee joints up to 38%.	There is no causality between Compared and 38%..	1
Compared to running barefoot, running in conventional running shoes increases stress on the knee joints up to 38%.	Compared is the reason of 38%..	0
The adult female has a faint emerald green collar that is difficult to discern in the field.	There is no causality between The and field..	1
The adult female has a faint emerald green collar that is difficult to discern in the field.	The is the reason of field..	0
Lee's movies have examined race relations, the role of media in contemporary life, urban crime and poverty, and other political issues.	There is no causality between Lee's and issues..	1
Lee's movies have examined race relations, the role of media in contemporary life, urban crime and poverty, and other political issues.	Lee's is the reason of issues..	0
The 1983 movie "A Christmas Story" captured the nation's heart with a story about 1950s Middle American celebrations during the Christmas season.	There is no causality between The and season..	1
The 1983 movie "A Christmas Story" captured the nation's heart with a story about 1950s Middle American celebrations during the Christmas season.	The is the reason of season..	0
The leftovers are pushed into the colon.	There is no causality between The and colon..	1
The leftovers are pushed into the colon.	The is the reason of colon..	0
His crew has journeyed into numerous haunted locations including the Stanley Hotel.	There is no causality between His and Hotel..	1
His crew has journeyed into numerous haunted locations including the Stanley Hotel.	His is the reason of Hotel..	0
Excess oil, dirt and bacteria cause acne.	bacteria cause acne	1
Excess oil, dirt and bacteria cause acne.	acne cause bacteria	0
It is an international newsletter designed to inform about work in progress, conferences, publications, etc.	There is no causality between It and etc..	1
It is an international newsletter designed to inform about work in progress, conferences, publications, etc.	It is the reason of etc..	0
The missile was placed inside a canister and loaded into a launch facility.	There is no causality between The and facility..	1
The missile was placed inside a canister and loaded into a launch facility.	The is the reason of facility..	0
The gist of trespass is direct physical interference with another's exclusive possession of land.	There is no causality between The and land..	1
The gist of trespass is direct physical interference with another's exclusive possession of land.	The is the reason of land..	0
Ferrets in a sack show more politesse.	There is no causality between Ferrets and politesse..	1
Ferrets in a sack show more politesse.	Ferrets is the reason of politesse..	0
Researchers formed a mold using a silicon coating process.	There is no causality between Researchers and process..	1
Researchers formed a mold using a silicon coating process.	Researchers is the reason of process..	0
The device uses the newest personal antenna technology.	There is no causality between The and technology..	1
The device uses the newest personal antenna technology.	The is the reason of technology..	0
He noticed that this black substance was also on the lid of the cracked stone casing.	There is no causality between He and casing..	1
He noticed that this black substance was also on the lid of the cracked stone casing.	He is the reason of casing..	0
I spent a year working for a software company to pay off my college loans.	There is no causality between I and loans..	1
I spent a year working for a software company to pay off my college loans.	I is the reason of loans..	0
This region boasts a treasure trove of concerts, museums, and other cultural offerings.	There is no causality between This and offerings..	1
This region boasts a treasure trove of concerts, museums, and other cultural offerings.	This is the reason of offerings..	0
The city has constructed some tourism facilities and a new police station in the showcase area, but no new houses are to be built here.	There is no causality between The and here..	1
The city has constructed some tourism facilities and a new police station in the showcase area, but no new houses are to be built here.	The is the reason of here..	0
The problems of crime and the quality of justice have become central issues in public debate.	There is no causality between The and debate..	1
The problems of crime and the quality of justice have become central issues in public debate.	The is the reason of debate..	0
Touch sliding keyboard offers keyless typing.	There is no causality between Touch and typing..	1
Touch sliding keyboard offers keyless typing.	Touch is the reason of typing..	0
I poured some powder into a canteen cup and found that the cocoa was mixed with sugar granules.	There is no causality between I and granules..	1
I poured some powder into a canteen cup and found that the cocoa was mixed with sugar granules.	I is the reason of granules..	0
And again, the shirt sleeve is too long, but the jacket is too short.	There is no causality between And and short..	1
And again, the shirt sleeve is too long, but the jacket is too short.	And is the reason of short..	0
Obama speech addresses homophobia, anti-semitism among black Americans.	There is no causality between Obama and Americans..	1
Obama speech addresses homophobia, anti-semitism among black Americans.	Obama is the reason of Americans..	0
Changes to the regulations have been discussed in cabinet sub-committee.	There is no causality between Changes and sub-committee..	1
Changes to the regulations have been discussed in cabinet sub-committee.	Changes is the reason of sub-committee..	0
The union contract governs wages and hours and runs for three years.	There is no causality between The and years..	1
The union contract governs wages and hours and runs for three years.	The is the reason of years..	0
The mentor session was the best part of the conference.	There is no causality between The and conference..	1
The mentor session was the best part of the conference.	The is the reason of conference..	0
He stirred the oil, garlic and cumin seeds together in a dish large enough to hold the sardines in a single layer.	There is no causality between He and layer..	1
He stirred the oil, garlic and cumin seeds together in a dish large enough to hold the sardines in a single layer.	He is the reason of layer..	0
Pearls are expensive and rare, many women prefer to buy a good-sized south sea pearl pendant, instead of opting for a rope of pearls.	There is no causality between Pearls and pearls..	1
Pearls are expensive and rare, many women prefer to buy a good-sized south sea pearl pendant, instead of opting for a rope of pearls.	Pearls is the reason of pearls..	0
Friends and family of inpatients at various hospitals and health care facilities are now able to send well wishes via email.	There is no causality between Friends and email..	1
Friends and family of inpatients at various hospitals and health care facilities are now able to send well wishes via email.	Friends is the reason of email..	0
Rhys and Frost, two of my business of four ferrets, love to go outside on their leashes.	There is no causality between Rhys and leashes..	1
Rhys and Frost, two of my business of four ferrets, love to go outside on their leashes.	Rhys is the reason of leashes..	0
She threw her passion into this painting.	There is no causality between She and painting..	1
She threw her passion into this painting.	She is the reason of painting..	0
Although there was ammunition scattered over the apartment, the gun itself was locked in a safe, and not loaded.	There is no causality between Although and loaded..	1
Although there was ammunition scattered over the apartment, the gun itself was locked in a safe, and not loaded.	Although is the reason of loaded..	0
The United States has laws that limit magazine size, too.	There is no causality between The and too..	1
The United States has laws that limit magazine size, too.	The is the reason of too..	0
Our theory supplies the answer.	There is no causality between Our and answer..	1
Our theory supplies the answer.	Our is the reason of answer..	0
The principal has put computers into our classroom.	There is no causality between The and classroom..	1
The principal has put computers into our classroom.	The is the reason of classroom..	0
I'm importing old document files into the new software.	There is no causality between I'm and software..	1
I'm importing old document files into the new software.	I'm is the reason of software..	0
Texas prepares for crush of executions.	There is no causality between Texas and executions..	1
Texas prepares for crush of executions.	Texas is the reason of executions..	0
The Bush administration hid the true fiscal picture with a plethora of accounting gimmicks.	There is no causality between The and gimmicks..	1
The Bush administration hid the true fiscal picture with a plethora of accounting gimmicks.	The is the reason of gimmicks..	0
These standards are under discussion and not yet published.	There is no causality between These and published..	1
These standards are under discussion and not yet published.	These is the reason of published..	0
In addition, scientists maye have a number of potentially useful targets to prevent and treat this lethal tumour because of the findings that NOX5 mediated overproduction of hydrogen peroxide is responsible for increased growth and decreased death of cancer cells.	NOX5 mediated overproduction caused by decreased death	1
In addition, scientists maye have a number of potentially useful targets to prevent and treat this lethal tumour because of the findings that NOX5 mediated overproduction of hydrogen peroxide is responsible for increased growth and decreased death of cancer cells.	decreased death caused by NOX5 mediated overproduction	0
That measured moisture content of bagged samples inserted in a beaker of soil at various depths.	There is no causality between That and depths..	1
That measured moisture content of bagged samples inserted in a beaker of soil at various depths.	That is the reason of depths..	0
We propose a rule driven approach for adaptive business collaboration development in which rules drive and govern the development process.	There is no causality between We and process..	1
We propose a rule driven approach for adaptive business collaboration development in which rules drive and govern the development process.	We is the reason of process..	0
Molten copper is poured into molds at Chuquicamata copper refinery.	There is no causality between Molten and refinery..	1
Molten copper is poured into molds at Chuquicamata copper refinery.	Molten is the reason of refinery..	0
The inequality and poverty caused the riots in 2001..	poverty instigated by the riots	1
The inequality and poverty caused the riots in 2001..	the riots instigated by poverty	0
The weaver sits with a loom fixing the back strap, keeps her legs against the footrest, which is adjustable for keeping the loom in tension.	There is no causality between The and tension..	1
The weaver sits with a loom fixing the back strap, keeps her legs against the footrest, which is adjustable for keeping the loom in tension.	The is the reason of tension..	0
The pizza was inside a trash bag and taped shut.	There is no causality between The and shut..	1
The pizza was inside a trash bag and taped shut.	The is the reason of shut..	0
He resisted the urge to yank open at least a few bottles of 1787 Chateau Lafitte  and enjoy them with a brace of partridges or an ascension of larks or whatever the French were eating at the time.	There is no causality between He and time..	1
He resisted the urge to yank open at least a few bottles of 1787 Chateau Lafitte  and enjoy them with a brace of partridges or an ascension of larks or whatever the French were eating at the time.	He is the reason of time..	0
These sessions highlight selected abstracts of submitted papers in poster format.	There is no causality between These and format..	1
These sessions highlight selected abstracts of submitted papers in poster format.	These is the reason of format..	0
The report investigates migration in the context of demographic changes and trends in both growth and inequality.	There is no causality between The and inequality..	1
The report investigates migration in the context of demographic changes and trends in both growth and inequality.	The is the reason of inequality..	0
I took this photo out of an airplane window.	There is no causality between I and window..	1
I took this photo out of an airplane window.	I is the reason of window..	0
This Pacific Chorus frog was found in a Christmas tree being sold in Anchorage, Alaska.	There is no causality between This and Alaska..	1
This Pacific Chorus frog was found in a Christmas tree being sold in Anchorage, Alaska.	This is the reason of Alaska..	0
Endangered species have been released into a nature reserve in Northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.	There is no causality between Endangered and Region..	1
Endangered species have been released into a nature reserve in Northwest China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region.	Endangered is the reason of Region..	0
The device is the best solution for headphone cable knots on your MP3 player.	There is no causality between The and player..	1
The device is the best solution for headphone cable knots on your MP3 player.	The is the reason of player..	0
The current view is that the chronic inflammation in the distal part of the stomach caused by Helicobacter pylori infection results in an increased acid production from the non-infected upper corpus region of the stomach.	Helicobacter pylori infection caused by the chronic inflammation	1
The current view is that the chronic inflammation in the distal part of the stomach caused by Helicobacter pylori infection results in an increased acid production from the non-infected upper corpus region of the stomach.	the chronic inflammation caused by Helicobacter pylori infection	0
Brutality was an intrinsic part of plantation life and no child, however privileged or protected, could escape its ugliness or it savagery.	There is no causality between Brutality and savagery..	1
Brutality was an intrinsic part of plantation life and no child, however privileged or protected, could escape its ugliness or it savagery.	Brutality is the reason of savagery..	0
The clinical trials have implanted cells into the patient.	There is no causality between The and patient..	1
The clinical trials have implanted cells into the patient.	The is the reason of patient..	0
A Chinese firms poured millions into the country.	There is no causality between A and country..	1
A Chinese firms poured millions into the country.	A is the reason of country..	0
The controversy has centered mainly on intelligence.	There is no causality between The and intelligence..	1
The controversy has centered mainly on intelligence.	The is the reason of intelligence..	0
HipHop appropriates the symbols of a consumer society: oversized diamond colliers are worn.	There is no causality between HipHop and worn..	1
HipHop appropriates the symbols of a consumer society: oversized diamond colliers are worn.	HipHop is the reason of worn..	0
The Ark was hidden in a cave beneath the Temple Mount in the very heart of Israel.	There is no causality between The and Israel..	1
The Ark was hidden in a cave beneath the Temple Mount in the very heart of Israel.	The is the reason of Israel..	0
Five neighbors used snow blowers to clear the road ahead while the other neighbors dug out the snow around the ambulance with snow shovels.	There is no causality between Five and shovels..	1
Five neighbors used snow blowers to clear the road ahead while the other neighbors dug out the snow around the ambulance with snow shovels.	Five is the reason of shovels..	0
The Revealer is an online journal of media criticism related to the subject of religion in the press.	There is no causality between The and press..	1
The Revealer is an online journal of media criticism related to the subject of religion in the press.	The is the reason of press..	0
The study considered dairy farms, sheep and beef farms, vineyards and orchards in Hawkes.	There is no causality between The and Hawkes..	1
The study considered dairy farms, sheep and beef farms, vineyards and orchards in Hawkes.	The is the reason of Hawkes..	0
Bevilona, pretending astonished fear, hides the frightened peasant in a cask.	There is no causality between Bevilona, and cask..	1
Bevilona, pretending astonished fear, hides the frightened peasant in a cask.	Bevilona, is the reason of cask..	0
Both her and her troop of pampered Beverly Hills princesses learn valuable lessons in character, courage, and friendship with a super happy ending.	There is no causality between Both and ending..	1
Both her and her troop of pampered Beverly Hills princesses learn valuable lessons in character, courage, and friendship with a super happy ending.	Both is the reason of ending..	0
A few bare-bodied young lads were standing on the rod of the tram's wheel, hanging on to the windows with one hand.	There is no causality between A and hand..	1
A few bare-bodied young lads were standing on the rod of the tram's wheel, hanging on to the windows with one hand.	A is the reason of hand..	0
Bernie the barber downed his scissors, leaving the final triangle of hair uncut.	There is no causality between Bernie and uncut..	1
Bernie the barber downed his scissors, leaving the final triangle of hair uncut.	Bernie is the reason of uncut..	0
This machine was in a suitcase that was the size of a carry-on bag and weighed less than 10 pounds.	There is no causality between This and pounds..	1
This machine was in a suitcase that was the size of a carry-on bag and weighed less than 10 pounds.	This is the reason of pounds..	0
Her decomposed body was found in a drum in a Lake Elsinore field.	There is no causality between Her and field..	1
Her decomposed body was found in a drum in a Lake Elsinore field.	Her is the reason of field..	0
The lawnmower cuts a swath of grass as it moves across the lawn.	There is no causality between The and lawn..	1
The lawnmower cuts a swath of grass as it moves across the lawn.	The is the reason of lawn..	0
The midbrain dopaminergic  neurons of the substantia nigra and the ventral tegmental area play a fundamental role in the control of voluntary movement.	There is no causality between The and movement..	1
The midbrain dopaminergic  neurons of the substantia nigra and the ventral tegmental area play a fundamental role in the control of voluntary movement.	The is the reason of movement..	0
Gas drilling threatens public with undisclosed chemicals.	There is no causality between Gas and chemicals..	1
Gas drilling threatens public with undisclosed chemicals.	Gas is the reason of chemicals..	0
The company fabricates plastic chairs.	There is no causality between The and chairs..	1
The company fabricates plastic chairs.	The is the reason of chairs..	0
Employees wear a sharee as its a sign of formal dresss code.	There is no causality between Employees and code..	1
Employees wear a sharee as its a sign of formal dresss code.	Employees is the reason of code..	0
We did not endorse a candidate unlike the ten scientists who wrote a letter in support of John Kerry.	There is no causality between We and Kerry..	1
We did not endorse a candidate unlike the ten scientists who wrote a letter in support of John Kerry.	We is the reason of Kerry..	0
They had been alerted that the cocaine was in a crate of turkeys, but they didn't see any.	There is no causality between They and any..	1
They had been alerted that the cocaine was in a crate of turkeys, but they didn't see any.	They is the reason of any..	0
Quarterly magazine covers the latest political, economic, social, cultural and sporting developments in Africa.	There is no causality between Quarterly and Africa..	1
Quarterly magazine covers the latest political, economic, social, cultural and sporting developments in Africa.	Quarterly is the reason of Africa..	0
A crypt of the XI century dug a posteriori under the choir also preserves frescos of the time.	There is no causality between A and time..	1
A crypt of the XI century dug a posteriori under the choir also preserves frescos of the time.	A is the reason of time..	0
Seacrest students donated uniforms to Shadowlawn students.	There is no causality between Seacrest and students..	1
Seacrest students donated uniforms to Shadowlawn students.	Seacrest is the reason of students..	0
Unfortunately, you also inherited predisposition to certain diseases.	There is no causality between Unfortunately, and diseases..	1
Unfortunately, you also inherited predisposition to certain diseases.	Unfortunately, is the reason of diseases..	0
Recently the man was put into an Interpol red flag list.	There is no causality between Recently and list..	1
Recently the man was put into an Interpol red flag list.	Recently is the reason of list..	0
The animal is lowered until its pelvic limbs touch the floor or a solid supporting surface.	There is no causality between The and surface..	1
The animal is lowered until its pelvic limbs touch the floor or a solid supporting surface.	The is the reason of surface..	0
This article is included into Australia's most well respected newspaper.	There is no causality between This and newspaper..	1
This article is included into Australia's most well respected newspaper.	This is the reason of newspaper..	0
My dog ate a cellophane bag full of dog treats on Tuesday.	There is no causality between My and Tuesday..	1
My dog ate a cellophane bag full of dog treats on Tuesday.	My is the reason of Tuesday..	0
The woman was born in the village.	There is no causality between The and village..	1
The woman was born in the village.	The is the reason of village..	0
My dish is attached to a pole that resides in a receptacle designed for just such a purpose.	There is no causality between My and purpose..	1
My dish is attached to a pole that resides in a receptacle designed for just such a purpose.	My is the reason of purpose..	0
These drugs also cause headaches and nausea, affect your internal organs and raise your bad cholesterol.	These drugs from nausea	1
These drugs also cause headaches and nausea, affect your internal organs and raise your bad cholesterol.	nausea from These drugs	0
Droxyapatite were implanted into facial osteotomy gaps.	There is no causality between Droxyapatite and gaps..	1
Droxyapatite were implanted into facial osteotomy gaps.	Droxyapatite is the reason of gaps..	0
To solve this problem Tommy Flowers, an engineer who worked for the post office, designed a machine which worked on the digital data stream of the Lorenz traffic and could carry out the statistical tests needed to find the key.	There is no causality between To and key..	1
To solve this problem Tommy Flowers, an engineer who worked for the post office, designed a machine which worked on the digital data stream of the Lorenz traffic and could carry out the statistical tests needed to find the key.	To is the reason of key..	0
I had been constipated for over 30 years, had significant sleep requirements , and had recurring headaches from fatigue and allergies.	allergies instigated by headaches	1
I had been constipated for over 30 years, had significant sleep requirements , and had recurring headaches from fatigue and allergies.	headaches instigated by allergies	0
A client copes with replica failures using a simple retransmission mechanism.	There is no causality between A and mechanism..	1
A client copes with replica failures using a simple retransmission mechanism.	A is the reason of mechanism..	0
For the past hundred or so years, the culverts have drained storm runoff into San Ramon creek.	There is no causality between For and creek..	1
For the past hundred or so years, the culverts have drained storm runoff into San Ramon creek.	For is the reason of creek..	0
A large diagram illustrated the principle of this apparatus.	There is no causality between A and apparatus..	1
A large diagram illustrated the principle of this apparatus.	A is the reason of apparatus..	0
The department applied a one-time adjustment to the graduation rates to remove the bias.	There is no causality between The and bias..	1
The department applied a one-time adjustment to the graduation rates to remove the bias.	The is the reason of bias..	0
Plastic water bottles leak toxic materials into the water.	There is no causality between Plastic and water..	1
Plastic water bottles leak toxic materials into the water.	Plastic is the reason of water..	0
Geodiversity has been added into the objective.	There is no causality between Geodiversity and objective..	1
Geodiversity has been added into the objective.	Geodiversity is the reason of objective..	0
The pain of loneliness is another theme of the book.	There is no causality between The and book..	1
The pain of loneliness is another theme of the book.	The is the reason of book..	0
The country has resumed manufacturing of components and assembly of centrifuge machines under IAEA supervision.	There is no causality between The and supervision..	1
The country has resumed manufacturing of components and assembly of centrifuge machines under IAEA supervision.	The is the reason of supervision..	0
This skirt was sitting in a bin in my garage.	There is no causality between This and garage..	1
This skirt was sitting in a bin in my garage.	This is the reason of garage..	0
My neighbour has erected a fence and it has been built on our land, not on the boundary.	There is no causality between My and boundary..	1
My neighbour has erected a fence and it has been built on our land, not on the boundary.	My is the reason of boundary..	0
This seminar goes into the psychology of each major color group and how to best use it in your museum stores.	There is no causality between This and stores..	1
This seminar goes into the psychology of each major color group and how to best use it in your museum stores.	This is the reason of stores..	0
He has added the medicine into the food for his cat.	There is no causality between He and cat..	1
He has added the medicine into the food for his cat.	He is the reason of cat..	0
It includes acts such as a chap who plays jigs on the fiddle while balancing on a rope.	There is no causality between It and rope..	1
It includes acts such as a chap who plays jigs on the fiddle while balancing on a rope.	It is the reason of rope..	0
Unfortunately, Cleo the stuffed dog was in a trunk that was stolen back in 1975.	There is no causality between Unfortunately, and 1975..	1
Unfortunately, Cleo the stuffed dog was in a trunk that was stolen back in 1975.	Unfortunately, is the reason of 1975..	0
Still, some spam arrives into the inbox folder.	There is no causality between Still, and folder..	1
Still, some spam arrives into the inbox folder.	Still, is the reason of folder..	0
My feet have sunk into the floor.	There is no causality between My and floor..	1
My feet have sunk into the floor.	My is the reason of floor..	0
Like the canary rockfish, the chin of the yelloweye rockfish is smooth.	There is no causality between Like and smooth..	1
Like the canary rockfish, the chin of the yelloweye rockfish is smooth.	Like is the reason of smooth..	0
The system uses a filter to clean the air that the central vacuum has taken in.	There is no causality between The and in..	1
The system uses a filter to clean the air that the central vacuum has taken in.	The is the reason of in..	0
We have drained our toxins into Puget sound.	There is no causality between We and sound..	1
We have drained our toxins into Puget sound.	We is the reason of sound..	0
The dolphin 's tail is so powerful it can push the dolphin straight up out of the water.	There is no causality between The and water..	1
The dolphin 's tail is so powerful it can push the dolphin straight up out of the water.	The is the reason of water..	0
They still store the bottle in a chilling bucket or the refrigerator.	There is no causality between They and refrigerator..	1
They still store the bottle in a chilling bucket or the refrigerator.	They is the reason of refrigerator..	0
With the lid of the three-story vacuum chamber in place, a worker on top checks release of the cables.	There is no causality between With and cables..	1
With the lid of the three-story vacuum chamber in place, a worker on top checks release of the cables.	With is the reason of cables..	0
The next two generations have departed into an uncertain future survival without Mother.	There is no causality between The and Mother..	1
The next two generations have departed into an uncertain future survival without Mother.	The is the reason of Mother..	0
The new product's release is postponed to next month.	There is no causality between The and month..	1
The new product's release is postponed to next month.	The is the reason of month..	0
There he received food, lodging , clothes, and instruction in the craft.	There is no causality between There and craft..	1
There he received food, lodging , clothes, and instruction in the craft.	There is the reason of craft..	0
The surfer is dropped into a 35-foot wave at Waimea Bay.	There is no causality between The and Bay..	1
The surfer is dropped into a 35-foot wave at Waimea Bay.	The is the reason of Bay..	0
A very large sounder of boar emerges, racing across the bare ground between the grass and the waterhole.	There is no causality between A and waterhole..	1
A very large sounder of boar emerges, racing across the bare ground between the grass and the waterhole.	A is the reason of waterhole..	0
His aim was to regain the previous high artistic level of the factory's products.	There is no causality between His and products..	1
His aim was to regain the previous high artistic level of the factory's products.	His is the reason of products..	0
The temperature at which flower buds are injured depends.	There is no causality between The and depends..	1
The temperature at which flower buds are injured depends.	The is the reason of depends..	0
Unemployment and poverty cause abuse of children and serious situations such as the breakdown of families where the rights of the child are easily infringe.	poverty instigated by abuse	1
Unemployment and poverty cause abuse of children and serious situations such as the breakdown of families where the rights of the child are easily infringe.	abuse instigated by poverty	0
The machine blows water into the connecting conduit.	There is no causality between The and conduit..	1
The machine blows water into the connecting conduit.	The is the reason of conduit..	0
And this is frequently cited as "proof" that saturated fats and cholesterol cause heart disease.	cholesterol cause heart disease	1
And this is frequently cited as "proof" that saturated fats and cholesterol cause heart disease.	heart disease cause cholesterol	0
Pet owners have released pythons into the wild when they had grown too large for the owners to care for them.	There is no causality between Pet and them..	1
Pet owners have released pythons into the wild when they had grown too large for the owners to care for them.	Pet is the reason of them..	0
The surrounding region is farmed for its fertility.	There is no causality between The and fertility..	1
The surrounding region is farmed for its fertility.	The is the reason of fertility..	0
And destiny lies for us in many places, way up in the High Lonesome with a cowardice of curs or our passions for the loves we know.	There is no causality between And and know..	1
And destiny lies for us in many places, way up in the High Lonesome with a cowardice of curs or our passions for the loves we know.	And is the reason of know..	0
This style of music reflected feelings and situations experienced in daily life.	There is no causality between This and life..	1
This style of music reflected feelings and situations experienced in daily life.	This is the reason of life..	0
Eighty percent of the mortgage fraud has been caused by the banks and the lending institutions.	the lending institutions cause the mortgage fraud	1
Eighty percent of the mortgage fraud has been caused by the banks and the lending institutions.	the mortgage fraud cause the lending institutions	0
The location of each airport and presence of control towers is indicated with a circle.	There is no causality between The and circle..	1
The location of each airport and presence of control towers is indicated with a circle.	The is the reason of circle..	0
There were no vegetarian entrees on the menu, but the kitchen quickly prepared a beautiful meal of 8 different steamed vegetables.	There is no causality between There and vegetables..	1
There were no vegetarian entrees on the menu, but the kitchen quickly prepared a beautiful meal of 8 different steamed vegetables.	There is the reason of vegetables..	0
The scale of such landslides on natural slopes can be large enough to devastate entire villages or towns, such as the Huascaran Avalanche triggered by the Peru earthquake , or the complex slides caused by the Alaska earthquake in 1964 .	the Alaska earthquake cause the complex slides	1
The scale of such landslides on natural slopes can be large enough to devastate entire villages or towns, such as the Huascaran Avalanche triggered by the Peru earthquake , or the complex slides caused by the Alaska earthquake in 1964 .	the complex slides cause the Alaska earthquake	0
As she looked up, she saw a flight of stairs.	There is no causality between As and stairs..	1
As she looked up, she saw a flight of stairs.	As is the reason of stairs..	0
Diet fizzy drinks and meat cause heart disease and diabetes.	meat cause diabetes	1
Diet fizzy drinks and meat cause heart disease and diabetes.	diabetes cause meat	0
The flat has a big balcony, a bathtub and there's also a lift if you don't want to walk up 2 flights of steps to the second floor.	There is no causality between The and floor..	1
The flat has a big balcony, a bathtub and there's also a lift if you don't want to walk up 2 flights of steps to the second floor.	The is the reason of floor..	0
The rainbows are caused by the refraction, or bending, of sunlight as it passes through the raindrops.	bending cause The rainbows	1
The rainbows are caused by the refraction, or bending, of sunlight as it passes through the raindrops.	The rainbows cause bending	0
The real output per capita is running into inherent barriers.	There is no causality between The and barriers..	1
The real output per capita is running into inherent barriers.	The is the reason of barriers..	0
She put her jewels back in the casket, and dressed herself in the plain black gown.	There is no causality between She and gown..	1
She put her jewels back in the casket, and dressed herself in the plain black gown.	She is the reason of gown..	0
The stamp was inside a box for a double pack.	There is no causality between The and pack..	1
The stamp was inside a box for a double pack.	The is the reason of pack..	0
The jelly inside a doughnut is scalding while the pastry is only warm.	There is no causality between The and warm..	1
The jelly inside a doughnut is scalding while the pastry is only warm.	The is the reason of warm..	0
Water in a cistern is suitable for drinking water or bathing.	There is no causality between Water and bathing..	1
Water in a cistern is suitable for drinking water or bathing.	Water is the reason of bathing..	0
Having done this, the society of agents has constructed a valid plan to deliver the set of initial orders and has reached a state of equilibrium in the sense of .	There is no causality between Having and ..	1
Having done this, the society of agents has constructed a valid plan to deliver the set of initial orders and has reached a state of equilibrium in the sense of .	Having is the reason of ..	0
Skydivers are dropped into the island.	There is no causality between Skydivers and island..	1
Skydivers are dropped into the island.	Skydivers is the reason of island..	0
Church Orchard is a mixed orchard of standard apples, pears and damsons and Mason's and Winslow's are standard cider apple orchards.	There is no causality between Church and orchards..	1
Church Orchard is a mixed orchard of standard apples, pears and damsons and Mason's and Winslow's are standard cider apple orchards.	Church is the reason of orchards..	0
I welcome the news that a comprehensive agreement on bananas has now been reached.	There is no causality between I and reached..	1
I welcome the news that a comprehensive agreement on bananas has now been reached.	I is the reason of reached..	0
This is a wholesale forum to discuss aspects of business such as dropshipping, wholesale buying and selling, reselling, etc.	There is no causality between This and etc..	1
This is a wholesale forum to discuss aspects of business such as dropshipping, wholesale buying and selling, reselling, etc.	This is the reason of etc..	0
It is a 1956 crime drama examining the reactions of parents, police, and the public to a kidnapping.	There is no causality between It and kidnapping..	1
It is a 1956 crime drama examining the reactions of parents, police, and the public to a kidnapping.	It is the reason of kidnapping..	0
One of the recurring themes of the book is the influence of religion in motivating and structuring Dutch emigration.	There is no causality between One and emigration..	1
One of the recurring themes of the book is the influence of religion in motivating and structuring Dutch emigration.	One is the reason of emigration..	0
We placed the burlap into the bucket as lining.	There is no causality between We and lining..	1
We placed the burlap into the bucket as lining.	We is the reason of lining..	0
360 bln yuan have been invested into post-quake reconstruction.	There is no causality between 360 and reconstruction..	1
360 bln yuan have been invested into post-quake reconstruction.	360 is the reason of reconstruction..	0
The proposed permanent rules establish criteria and procedures for awarding grants to eligible applicants.	The proposed permanent rules from procedures	1
The proposed permanent rules establish criteria and procedures for awarding grants to eligible applicants.	procedures from The proposed permanent rules	0
The editors have inserted narration into the description.	There is no causality between The and description..	1
The editors have inserted narration into the description.	The is the reason of description..	0
Acne or pimples are caused by hormonal changes, wrong food habits and improper skin care.	improper skin care lead to pimples	1
Acne or pimples are caused by hormonal changes, wrong food habits and improper skin care.	pimples lead to improper skin care	0
Fungal growth and aflatoxin contamination are caused by the following factors: warm temperature, high humidity and poor soil condition.	poor soil condition cause aflatoxin contamination	1
Fungal growth and aflatoxin contamination are caused by the following factors: warm temperature, high humidity and poor soil condition.	aflatoxin contamination cause poor soil condition	0
The frame encloses a rectangular picture that has the same area as the frame itself.	There is no causality between The and itself..	1
The frame encloses a rectangular picture that has the same area as the frame itself.	The is the reason of itself..	0
The Halsey Institute has put together a symposium with intent to discuss the dissemination of difficult imagery.	There is no causality between The and imagery..	1
The Halsey Institute has put together a symposium with intent to discuss the dissemination of difficult imagery.	The is the reason of imagery..	0
Venezuela sent an ambassador to the Palestine border.	There is no causality between Venezuela and border..	1
Venezuela sent an ambassador to the Palestine border.	Venezuela is the reason of border..	0
NASA is sending astronauts to an asteroid.	There is no causality between NASA and asteroid..	1
NASA is sending astronauts to an asteroid.	NASA is the reason of asteroid..	0
We put the files into a date-based directory like YY/MM/DD.	There is no causality between We and YY/MM/DD..	1
We put the files into a date-based directory like YY/MM/DD.	We is the reason of YY/MM/DD..	0
This car definitely has snob appeal with its good looks and saloon functionality.	There is no causality between This and functionality..	1
This car definitely has snob appeal with its good looks and saloon functionality.	This is the reason of functionality..	0
This readable book is the product of Darwin's amazing journey aboard the Beagle.	There is no causality between This and Beagle..	1
This readable book is the product of Darwin's amazing journey aboard the Beagle.	This is the reason of Beagle..	0
The provinces are divided into counties , and subdivided into districts  and sub-districts .	There is no causality between The and ..	1
The provinces are divided into counties , and subdivided into districts  and sub-districts .	The is the reason of ..	0
My grandfather's backyard is an absolute jungle of old wrecked cars.	There is no causality between My and cars..	1
My grandfather's backyard is an absolute jungle of old wrecked cars.	My is the reason of cars..	0
The handle of the stick was covered with plastic material for more durability .	There is no causality between The and ..	1
The handle of the stick was covered with plastic material for more durability .	The is the reason of ..	0
Experienced bakers hold the door open a crack with a wooden spoon handle.	There is no causality between Experienced and handle..	1
Experienced bakers hold the door open a crack with a wooden spoon handle.	Experienced is the reason of handle..	0
In the foreground, the illustration shows a sailor with a musket standing on the shore.	There is no causality between In and shore..	1
In the foreground, the illustration shows a sailor with a musket standing on the shore.	In is the reason of shore..	0
Heat burns, or thermal burns, are caused by steam, fire, hot objects or hot liquids.	hot liquids from thermal burns	1
Heat burns, or thermal burns, are caused by steam, fire, hot objects or hot liquids.	thermal burns from hot liquids	0
The author examines some issues connected to religious freedom.	There is no causality between The and freedom..	1
The author examines some issues connected to religious freedom.	The is the reason of freedom..	0
The sound waves cause disorientation and nausea.	The sound waves was radiating from nausea	1
The sound waves cause disorientation and nausea.	nausea was radiating from The sound waves	0
When he want for a run, he checked the timer on the oven, and again when he returned.	There is no causality between When and returned..	1
When he want for a run, he checked the timer on the oven, and again when he returned.	When is the reason of returned..	0
Two pillars of a bridge at Karsaz Road have collapsed today morning.	There is no causality between Two and morning..	1
Two pillars of a bridge at Karsaz Road have collapsed today morning.	Two is the reason of morning..	0
Located inside the cave was an old, broken-down army field telephone.	There is no causality between Located and telephone..	1
Located inside the cave was an old, broken-down army field telephone.	Located is the reason of telephone..	0
These include the tapping of the package, the way one holds their cigarette, the oral gratification, and the easy social camaraderie of smokers on a break.	There is no causality between These and break..	1
These include the tapping of the package, the way one holds their cigarette, the oral gratification, and the easy social camaraderie of smokers on a break.	These is the reason of break..	0
An aborted 7-month-old fetus was found in a gift box under a Christmas tree.	There is no causality between An and tree..	1
An aborted 7-month-old fetus was found in a gift box under a Christmas tree.	An is the reason of tree..	0
Hands wield the sword in the realm of the flesh, but the intellect wields the pen in the realm of understanding, or of the spirit.	There is no causality between Hands and spirit..	1
Hands wield the sword in the realm of the flesh, but the intellect wields the pen in the realm of understanding, or of the spirit.	Hands is the reason of spirit..	0
Michael Jackson's FBI file consists of about 600 pages.	There is no causality between Michael and pages..	1
Michael Jackson's FBI file consists of about 600 pages.	Michael is the reason of pages..	0
Any time," he told her before turning to the boy who was in the desk next to him.	There is no causality between Any and him..	1
Any time," he told her before turning to the boy who was in the desk next to him.	Any is the reason of him..	0
At 73 meters underwater, a petty officer reached the surface using his Drager apparatus.	There is no causality between At and apparatus..	1
At 73 meters underwater, a petty officer reached the surface using his Drager apparatus.	At is the reason of apparatus..	0
A researcher had been studying a tribe of baboons for 30 years in the wilds of Africa.	There is no causality between A and Africa..	1
A researcher had been studying a tribe of baboons for 30 years in the wilds of Africa.	A is the reason of Africa..	0
He put the card into his mobile phone.	There is no causality between He and phone..	1
He put the card into his mobile phone.	He is the reason of phone..	0
Major disasters like cyclone, floods and the storm surges, drought are caused by climate change.	climate change instigated by drought	1
Major disasters like cyclone, floods and the storm surges, drought are caused by climate change.	drought instigated by climate change	0
The crocodile has a lump on his snout.	There is no causality between The and snout..	1
The crocodile has a lump on his snout.	The is the reason of snout..	0
Religion has become the hottest topic of study for United States historians.	There is no causality between Religion and historians..	1
Religion has become the hottest topic of study for United States historians.	Religion is the reason of historians..	0
These toxins cause sickness or an unpleasant odor.	These toxins was radiating from an unpleasant odor	1
These toxins cause sickness or an unpleasant odor.	an unpleasant odor was radiating from These toxins	0
Americans have exported democracy to many countries.	There is no causality between Americans and countries..	1
Americans have exported democracy to many countries.	Americans is the reason of countries..	0
The ancient astronaut theory has been addressed frequently in science fiction and horror fiction.	There is no causality between The and fiction..	1
The ancient astronaut theory has been addressed frequently in science fiction and horror fiction.	The is the reason of fiction..	0
The money was handed over into notarial custody for the purpose of securing an obligation.	There is no causality between The and obligation..	1
The money was handed over into notarial custody for the purpose of securing an obligation.	The is the reason of obligation..	0
Analogies are examples which aid us in gaining insight into a problem.	There is no causality between Analogies and problem..	1
Analogies are examples which aid us in gaining insight into a problem.	Analogies is the reason of problem..	0
The Dissemination grants have been awarded to three Idaho public charter schools this year.	There is no causality between The and year..	1
The Dissemination grants have been awarded to three Idaho public charter schools this year.	The is the reason of year..	0
The male took over the entire care of the young that had left the nest.	There is no causality between The and nest..	1
The male took over the entire care of the young that had left the nest.	The is the reason of nest..	0
The plot centers on a goldfish named Ponyo who befriends a five-year-old human boy.	There is no causality between The and boy..	1
The plot centers on a goldfish named Ponyo who befriends a five-year-old human boy.	The is the reason of boy..	0
They went into a big walk-in closet where there was a suitcase with another locked suitcase in it.	There is no causality between They and it..	1
They went into a big walk-in closet where there was a suitcase with another locked suitcase in it.	They is the reason of it..	0
He forgot the 9/11 style box cutter was hidden in the hollowed out book.	There is no causality between He and book..	1
He forgot the 9/11 style box cutter was hidden in the hollowed out book.	He is the reason of book..	0
The metacorpora ware misplaced into the isthmus.	There is no causality between The and isthmus..	1
The metacorpora ware misplaced into the isthmus.	The is the reason of isthmus..	0
The functionality is moved into a separate database.	There is no causality between The and database..	1
The functionality is moved into a separate database.	The is the reason of database..	0
Rain and wind cause power outage in Los Angeles 11:24, October 15, 2009.	wind cause power outage	1
Rain and wind cause power outage in Los Angeles 11:24, October 15, 2009.	power outage cause wind	0
This means that current flowed out of the pin of the microcontroller.	There is no causality between This and microcontroller..	1
This means that current flowed out of the pin of the microcontroller.	This is the reason of microcontroller..	0
An American student fell drunkenly into the city's Main river.	There is no causality between An and river..	1
An American student fell drunkenly into the city's Main river.	An is the reason of river..	0
These gardeners blew the leaves into the street.	There is no causality between These and street..	1
These gardeners blew the leaves into the street.	These is the reason of street..	0
This is a list of films that feature extraterrestrial life.	There is no causality between This and life..	1
This is a list of films that feature extraterrestrial life.	This is the reason of life..	0
The 23-year-old rapper has recently completed a song with the hip-hop superstar and announced it would appear on his debut LP Thank Me Later.	There is no causality between The and Later..	1
The 23-year-old rapper has recently completed a song with the hip-hop superstar and announced it would appear on his debut LP Thank Me Later.	The is the reason of Later..	0
About 2000 feet of passageways have been located inside the cave, and about half of that has been mapped.	There is no causality between About and mapped..	1
About 2000 feet of passageways have been located inside the cave, and about half of that has been mapped.	About is the reason of mapped..	0
The presidential candidate arrived to the cheering crowd at Fort Hood.	There is no causality between The and Hood..	1
The presidential candidate arrived to the cheering crowd at Fort Hood.	The is the reason of Hood..	0
The Wheelchair Foundation donated wheelchairs to people with physical problems in hundred countries.	There is no causality between The and countries..	1
The Wheelchair Foundation donated wheelchairs to people with physical problems in hundred countries.	The is the reason of countries..	0
This surgeon is part of the study group.	There is no causality between This and group..	1
This surgeon is part of the study group.	This is the reason of group..	0
The qualitative chapters appear earlier in the book and focus on the issue of political legitimacy. re the "core" of this fundamental handbook on heterogeneous catalysis.	There is no causality between The and catalysis..	1
The qualitative chapters appear earlier in the book and focus on the issue of political legitimacy. re the "core" of this fundamental handbook on heterogeneous catalysis.	The is the reason of catalysis..	0
The aim of this section is a brief review of the clinical aspects of ITP in pregnancy.	There is no causality between The and pregnancy..	1
The aim of this section is a brief review of the clinical aspects of ITP in pregnancy.	The is the reason of pregnancy..	0
The advertising campaign for the film also emphasized the supposed historical accuracy.	There is no causality between The and accuracy..	1
The advertising campaign for the film also emphasized the supposed historical accuracy.	The is the reason of accuracy..	0
The chapters in this book investigate issues and communities.	There is no causality between The and communities..	1
The chapters in this book investigate issues and communities.	The is the reason of communities..	0
For very young children the fitter measures the foot with a little hand gauge but when the child gets older they get to go on the state of the art.	There is no causality between For and art..	1
For very young children the fitter measures the foot with a little hand gauge but when the child gets older they get to go on the state of the art.	For is the reason of art..	0
Suddenly, they were in Oxford Street, amid a throng of shoppers.	There is no causality between Suddenly, and shoppers..	1
Suddenly, they were in Oxford Street, amid a throng of shoppers.	Suddenly, is the reason of shoppers..	0
This is a yeast infection of the esophagus caused by the same fungus that causes vaginal yeast infections.	the same fungus caused by vaginal yeast infections	1
This is a yeast infection of the esophagus caused by the same fungus that causes vaginal yeast infections.	vaginal yeast infections caused by the same fungus	0
As the driver passed Venne, one of the hooks caught the cyclist, dragging him under the wheels of the truck.	There is no causality between As and truck..	1
As the driver passed Venne, one of the hooks caught the cyclist, dragging him under the wheels of the truck.	As is the reason of truck..	0
Archaeologists have located the tomb and have inserted probes deep into the tomb.	There is no causality between Archaeologists and tomb..	1
Archaeologists have located the tomb and have inserted probes deep into the tomb.	Archaeologists is the reason of tomb..	0
Money for communication is invested into Ethernet technology.	There is no causality between Money and technology..	1
Money for communication is invested into Ethernet technology.	Money is the reason of technology..	0
Two plants were producing cold-smoked salmon, the third plant was producing semi-preserved herring and the fourth plant was producing caviar.	There is no causality between Two and caviar..	1
Two plants were producing cold-smoked salmon, the third plant was producing semi-preserved herring and the fourth plant was producing caviar.	Two is the reason of caviar..	0
The Royal Navy's newest 1bn GBP warship has been handed over to the new owner in a formal ceremony.	There is no causality between The and ceremony..	1
The Royal Navy's newest 1bn GBP warship has been handed over to the new owner in a formal ceremony.	The is the reason of ceremony..	0
The first time, the guy hid the taximeter with a map and tried to get 35 euros instead of 12.	There is no causality between The and 12..	1
The first time, the guy hid the taximeter with a map and tried to get 35 euros instead of 12.	The is the reason of 12..	0
The focus of any course is, however, art therapy theory.	There is no causality between The and theory..	1
The focus of any course is, however, art therapy theory.	The is the reason of theory..	0
Your upload has been added to the system.	There is no causality between Your and system..	1
Your upload has been added to the system.	Your is the reason of system..	0
I'm using a fast and safe way to import cars to overseas.	There is no causality between I'm and overseas..	1
I'm using a fast and safe way to import cars to overseas.	I'm is the reason of overseas..	0
Much of the work on continuous culture of bacteria has been carried out with aerobic bacteria, though little has been done with strict anaerobes.	There is no causality between Much and anaerobes..	1
Much of the work on continuous culture of bacteria has been carried out with aerobic bacteria, though little has been done with strict anaerobes.	Much is the reason of anaerobes..	0
Cardiovascular disease is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in the UK, as well as in the developed and the developing world.	Cardiovascular disease lead to mortality	1
Cardiovascular disease is one of the leading causes of morbidity and mortality in the UK, as well as in the developed and the developing world.	mortality lead to Cardiovascular disease	0
Serious troubles have dragged the infamous actress into chaos.	There is no causality between Serious and chaos..	1
Serious troubles have dragged the infamous actress into chaos.	Serious is the reason of chaos..	0
The fastener and delivery mechanism are core components of the EndoGastric Solutions platform, which will continue to spawn a range of innovative products for NOS.	There is no causality between The and NOS..	1
The fastener and delivery mechanism are core components of the EndoGastric Solutions platform, which will continue to spawn a range of innovative products for NOS.	The is the reason of NOS..	0
Parental influenza virion nucleocapsids were efficiently transported into the nuclei of murine cells.	There is no causality between Parental and cells..	1
Parental influenza virion nucleocapsids were efficiently transported into the nuclei of murine cells.	Parental is the reason of cells..	0
The existing configurator I'm certain is built up of many parts expertly layered, probably mostly inside of this 'configed' program.	There is no causality between The and program..	1
The existing configurator I'm certain is built up of many parts expertly layered, probably mostly inside of this 'configed' program.	The is the reason of program..	0
He removed the recurring acid reflux in the mouth.	There is no causality between He and mouth..	1
He removed the recurring acid reflux in the mouth.	He is the reason of mouth..	0
The new model is moving into new territory with revisions.	There is no causality between The and revisions..	1
The new model is moving into new territory with revisions.	The is the reason of revisions..	0
The house is set in a large garden or plantation of bananas, coconuts, limes, and other fruit trees, and a short distance off are the teachers' and students' houses.	There is no causality between The and houses..	1
The house is set in a large garden or plantation of bananas, coconuts, limes, and other fruit trees, and a short distance off are the teachers' and students' houses.	The is the reason of houses..	0
Inside, the poster was enclosed in tight plastic packaging.	There is no causality between Inside, and packaging..	1
Inside, the poster was enclosed in tight plastic packaging.	Inside, is the reason of packaging..	0
Joseph Herrin, a dear brother in the Lord, has added insight into the message.	There is no causality between Joseph and message..	1
Joseph Herrin, a dear brother in the Lord, has added insight into the message.	Joseph is the reason of message..	0
Three shark attacks in 24 hours threw local people into panic.	There is no causality between Three and panic..	1
Three shark attacks in 24 hours threw local people into panic.	Three is the reason of panic..	0
We used fried cheese as an element in a dish.	There is no causality between We and dish..	1
We used fried cheese as an element in a dish.	We is the reason of dish..	0
A tableau like this one is placed inside the king's room and refers to court ceremonies.	There is no causality between A and ceremonies..	1
A tableau like this one is placed inside the king's room and refers to court ceremonies.	A is the reason of ceremonies..	0
A fisherman saw them with a brood of chicks on the river on 11 May.	There is no causality between A and May..	1
A fisherman saw them with a brood of chicks on the river on 11 May.	A is the reason of May..	0
The bottles have leaked poison into the milk.	There is no causality between The and milk..	1
The bottles have leaked poison into the milk.	The is the reason of milk..	0
Some sections have been denoted with an asterisk.	There is no causality between Some and asterisk..	1
Some sections have been denoted with an asterisk.	Some is the reason of asterisk..	0
The nurse wields the scalpel.	There is no causality between The and scalpel..	1
The nurse wields the scalpel.	The is the reason of scalpel..	0
Lambert's wartime experiences were related in his excellent 1973 memoir.	There is no causality between Lambert's and memoir..	1
Lambert's wartime experiences were related in his excellent 1973 memoir.	Lambert's is the reason of memoir..	0
The researchers applied a vibration to monkeys' fingertips for half a second using a pencillike probe.	There is no causality between The and probe..	1
The researchers applied a vibration to monkeys' fingertips for half a second using a pencillike probe.	The is the reason of probe..	0
Nuclear material of Trypanosoma brucei is imported into the mitochondria.	There is no causality between Nuclear and mitochondria..	1
Nuclear material of Trypanosoma brucei is imported into the mitochondria.	Nuclear is the reason of mitochondria..	0
The factories in developed countries are migrating into developing countries which have cheaper labors.	There is no causality between The and labors..	1
The factories in developed countries are migrating into developing countries which have cheaper labors.	The is the reason of labors..	0
The position of the Catholic Church on the matter is defined in canon law.	There is no causality between The and law..	1
The position of the Catholic Church on the matter is defined in canon law.	The is the reason of law..	0
Mileson has sold his humble abode to a housing developer.	There is no causality between Mileson and developer..	1
Mileson has sold his humble abode to a housing developer.	Mileson is the reason of developer..	0
An African immigrant arrives on board a rescue boat at the port of Los Cristianos on Spain's Canary island of Tenerife October 17, 2008.	There is no causality between An and 2008..	1
An African immigrant arrives on board a rescue boat at the port of Los Cristianos on Spain's Canary island of Tenerife October 17, 2008.	An is the reason of 2008..	0
Legislators are considering new limits on stem cell research.	There is no causality between Legislators and research..	1
Legislators are considering new limits on stem cell research.	Legislators is the reason of research..	0
His wife has just completed the first paper of her graduate degree.	There is no causality between His and degree..	1
His wife has just completed the first paper of her graduate degree.	His is the reason of degree..	0
The scientists used nanotubes to send signals to the nerve cells.	There is no causality between The and cells..	1
The scientists used nanotubes to send signals to the nerve cells.	The is the reason of cells..	0
A central vacuum is a vacuum motor and filtration system built inside a canister.	There is no causality between A and canister..	1
A central vacuum is a vacuum motor and filtration system built inside a canister.	A is the reason of canister..	0
Eichmann's troupe of talented young dancers has presented the classic fairy tale before.	There is no causality between Eichmann's and before..	1
Eichmann's troupe of talented young dancers has presented the classic fairy tale before.	Eichmann's is the reason of before..	0
Lymphoeytes are drained into efferent lymphatics.	There is no causality between Lymphoeytes and lymphatics..	1
Lymphoeytes are drained into efferent lymphatics.	Lymphoeytes is the reason of lymphatics..	0
Students of Mozambique planted the first crops.	There is no causality between Students and crops..	1
Students of Mozambique planted the first crops.	Students is the reason of crops..	0
Our water froze and batteries kept in pockets got cold.	There is no causality between Our and cold..	1
Our water froze and batteries kept in pockets got cold.	Our is the reason of cold..	0
The floating zenith telescope has come into formal observatory routine since September.	There is no causality between The and September..	1
The floating zenith telescope has come into formal observatory routine since September.	The is the reason of September..	0
The rest of the paragraph talks about attitude rather than syntax.	There is no causality between The and syntax..	1
The rest of the paragraph talks about attitude rather than syntax.	The is the reason of syntax..	0
A stent was inserted into the patient's artery in 55 minutes.	There is no causality between A and minutes..	1
A stent was inserted into the patient's artery in 55 minutes.	A is the reason of minutes..	0
It has changed the way I think about the formation of parties and party systems.	There is no causality between It and systems..	1
It has changed the way I think about the formation of parties and party systems.	It is the reason of systems..	0
As well as the wildlife, India has a vast treasure trove of palaces, forts, temples, museums and bustling cities.	There is no causality between As and cities..	1
As well as the wildlife, India has a vast treasure trove of palaces, forts, temples, museums and bustling cities.	As is the reason of cities..	0
The report emphasised the need for better co-ordination between the agencies.	There is no causality between The and agencies..	1
The report emphasised the need for better co-ordination between the agencies.	The is the reason of agencies..	0
The beer acts as a great hair of the dog.	There is no causality between The and dog..	1
The beer acts as a great hair of the dog.	The is the reason of dog..	0
Many symptoms of fight or flight are caused by chemical changes in the body, but these two symptoms of are caused by chronic, rapid, shallow breathing.	chronic, rapid, shallow breathing lead to these two symptoms	1
Many symptoms of fight or flight are caused by chemical changes in the body, but these two symptoms of are caused by chronic, rapid, shallow breathing.	these two symptoms lead to chronic, rapid, shallow breathing	0
The winner of the Goron races gets a bottle full of gold dust.	There is no causality between The and dust..	1
The winner of the Goron races gets a bottle full of gold dust.	The is the reason of dust..	0
Batteries kept in good condition have a 5 to 6 year service life.	There is no causality between Batteries and life..	1
Batteries kept in good condition have a 5 to 6 year service life.	Batteries is the reason of life..	0
She knew each favorite clump of concealing reeds along the river that the buffalo loved best.	There is no causality between She and best..	1
She knew each favorite clump of concealing reeds along the river that the buffalo loved best.	She is the reason of best..	0
This movie is a depiction of the last twelve hours in the life of Jesus of Nazareth, on the day of his crucifixion in Jerusalem.	There is no causality between This and Jerusalem..	1
This movie is a depiction of the last twelve hours in the life of Jesus of Nazareth, on the day of his crucifixion in Jerusalem.	This is the reason of Jerusalem..	0
An agenda of deeper reforms can boost public confidence even as it undoes a lot of the distress caused by the financiers and bankers.	bankers was radiating from the distress	1
An agenda of deeper reforms can boost public confidence even as it undoes a lot of the distress caused by the financiers and bankers.	the distress was radiating from bankers	0
The urine was drained into the urine bag.	There is no causality between The and bag..	1
The urine was drained into the urine bag.	The is the reason of bag..	0
The solute was placed inside a beaker and 5 mL of the solvent was pipetted into a 25 mL glass flask for each trial.	There is no causality between The and trial..	1
The solute was placed inside a beaker and 5 mL of the solvent was pipetted into a 25 mL glass flask for each trial.	The is the reason of trial..	0
Only a few congressmen attended that first party in 1977.	There is no causality between Only and 1977..	1
Only a few congressmen attended that first party in 1977.	Only is the reason of 1977..	0
But the contents of the audit were a closely held secret, and attempts to obtain other records were denied repeatedly.	There is no causality between But and repeatedly..	1
But the contents of the audit were a closely held secret, and attempts to obtain other records were denied repeatedly.	But is the reason of repeatedly..	0
The story was related in the Adevarul newspaper's online edition.	There is no causality between The and edition..	1
The story was related in the Adevarul newspaper's online edition.	The is the reason of edition..	0
A pool with a sand beach is located inside the cave.	There is no causality between A and cave..	1
A pool with a sand beach is located inside the cave.	A is the reason of cave..	0
Percentages denote the interest rate.	There is no causality between Percentages and rate..	1
Percentages denote the interest rate.	Percentages is the reason of rate..	0
Only few selected people journeyed into outer space.	There is no causality between Only and space..	1
Only few selected people journeyed into outer space.	Only is the reason of space..	0
Our ancestors journeyed into an unknown world to find food.	There is no causality between Our and food..	1
Our ancestors journeyed into an unknown world to find food.	Our is the reason of food..	0
The right sleeve of this shirt features the Harley-Davidson Bar & Shield logo in orange, black and white.	There is no causality between The and white..	1
The right sleeve of this shirt features the Harley-Davidson Bar & Shield logo in orange, black and white.	The is the reason of white..	0
Five space shuttle orbiters have flown into space on NASA's missions.	There is no causality between Five and missions..	1
Five space shuttle orbiters have flown into space on NASA's missions.	Five is the reason of missions..	0
The foot was inside a white Nike running shoe.	There is no causality between The and shoe..	1
The foot was inside a white Nike running shoe.	The is the reason of shoe..	0
I found a lover with a slow hand.	There is no causality between I and hand..	1
I found a lover with a slow hand.	I is the reason of hand..	0
He began to chat with him in ignorance of the news.	There is no causality between He and news..	1
He began to chat with him in ignorance of the news.	He is the reason of news..	0
The backflap was in a suitcase in the trunk of the car.	There is no causality between The and car..	1
The backflap was in a suitcase in the trunk of the car.	The is the reason of car..	0
The 1858 exhibition was the first exhibition of photographs to be held in any museum.	There is no causality between The and museum..	1
The 1858 exhibition was the first exhibition of photographs to be held in any museum.	The is the reason of museum..	0
A political blog is a common type of blog that comments on politics.	There is no causality between A and politics..	1
A political blog is a common type of blog that comments on politics.	A is the reason of politics..	0
The bank issued a statement at around 2am in the UK confirming that it would buy Lehman's North American investment banking and capital markets business.	There is no causality between The and business..	1
The bank issued a statement at around 2am in the UK confirming that it would buy Lehman's North American investment banking and capital markets business.	The is the reason of business..	0
The neuroscientists have implanted electrodes into patient's brain.	There is no causality between The and brain..	1
The neuroscientists have implanted electrodes into patient's brain.	The is the reason of brain..	0
The manager saw a black male fire two shots while beside his car in the parking lot.	There is no causality between The and lot..	1
The manager saw a black male fire two shots while beside his car in the parking lot.	The is the reason of lot..	0
In the center ring is a bottle with mystic ingredients in it.	There is no causality between In and it..	1
In the center ring is a bottle with mystic ingredients in it.	In is the reason of it..	0
The kit includes an on-off-on toggle switch for the clipper switching and modifications.	There is no causality between The and modifications..	1
The kit includes an on-off-on toggle switch for the clipper switching and modifications.	The is the reason of modifications..	0
The soot has been blown down into the fireplace.	There is no causality between The and fireplace..	1
The soot has been blown down into the fireplace.	The is the reason of fireplace..	0
Electromagnets have come into use.	There is no causality between Electromagnets and use..	1
Electromagnets have come into use.	Electromagnets is the reason of use..	0
Some of that blood was in a bottle in the operating room though the record is not clear as to how it got there.	There is no causality between Some and there..	1
Some of that blood was in a bottle in the operating room though the record is not clear as to how it got there.	Some is the reason of there..	0
Stress and anxiety trigger panic attacks, however healthy people may experience panic attacks, but they are no that common.	anxiety instigated by panic attacks	1
Stress and anxiety trigger panic attacks, however healthy people may experience panic attacks, but they are no that common.	panic attacks instigated by anxiety	0
In some Asian countries, including China, Malaysia and the Philippines, the turtles are farmed for food.	There is no causality between In and food..	1
In some Asian countries, including China, Malaysia and the Philippines, the turtles are farmed for food.	In is the reason of food..	0
The defendants took advantage of Astor's diminished mental capacity to carry them out.	There is no causality between The and out..	1
The defendants took advantage of Astor's diminished mental capacity to carry them out.	The is the reason of out..	0
The company moved into the music business.	There is no causality between The and business..	1
The company moved into the music business.	The is the reason of business..	0
Greene monitored a colony of rabbits over a long period of time .	There is no causality between Greene and ..	1
Greene monitored a colony of rabbits over a long period of time .	Greene is the reason of ..	0
The artist played the piano with great precision.	There is no causality between The and precision..	1
The artist played the piano with great precision.	The is the reason of precision..	0
The author cites the case of an American citizen during the general war.	There is no causality between The and war..	1
The author cites the case of an American citizen during the general war.	The is the reason of war..	0
The spammer writes a simple bot that goes to your site and hits the registration page.	There is no causality between The and page..	1
The spammer writes a simple bot that goes to your site and hits the registration page.	The is the reason of page..	0
Each club member flew his flock or kit of twenty pigeons, to be judged for twenty minutes.	There is no causality between Each and minutes..	1
Each club member flew his flock or kit of twenty pigeons, to be judged for twenty minutes.	Each is the reason of minutes..	0
It is a wonderful way to show off your prized china pieces in a handsome China hutch.	There is no causality between It and hutch..	1
It is a wonderful way to show off your prized china pieces in a handsome China hutch.	It is the reason of hutch..	0
He wrote out a sketch setting out his basic ideas on transmutation of species.	There is no causality between He and species..	1
He wrote out a sketch setting out his basic ideas on transmutation of species.	He is the reason of species..	0
Her speeches have special reference to environmental policy.	There is no causality between Her and policy..	1
Her speeches have special reference to environmental policy.	Her is the reason of policy..	0
The tiger is moving into a new territory.	There is no causality between The and territory..	1
The tiger is moving into a new territory.	The is the reason of territory..	0
Control is a process that employs a set of procedures to ensure that defined quality standards are met on a consistent basis.	There is no causality between Control and basis..	1
Control is a process that employs a set of procedures to ensure that defined quality standards are met on a consistent basis.	Control is the reason of basis..	0
Some time in 2002, the chief executive of this corporation sought and received board approval to construct a modern training school for its staff.	There is no causality between Some and staff..	1
Some time in 2002, the chief executive of this corporation sought and received board approval to construct a modern training school for its staff.	Some is the reason of staff..	0
Tension Release by Mega Food contains Sensoril, a clinically studied extract of a Ashwagandha that helps to inhibit fatigue and physical tension from everyday stress.	everyday stress instigated by physical tension	1
Tension Release by Mega Food contains Sensoril, a clinically studied extract of a Ashwagandha that helps to inhibit fatigue and physical tension from everyday stress.	physical tension instigated by everyday stress	0
To the left is drinking equipment, sitting in a wooden box.	There is no causality between To and box..	1
To the left is drinking equipment, sitting in a wooden box.	To is the reason of box..	0
The burner of the dryer is lined with more than 3 cm thick castable refractory material.	There is no causality between The and material..	1
The burner of the dryer is lined with more than 3 cm thick castable refractory material.	The is the reason of material..	0
Feedback, as defined earlier in this chapter, is information that can be used to modify or maintain previous behaviours.	There is no causality between Feedback, and behaviours..	1
Feedback, as defined earlier in this chapter, is information that can be used to modify or maintain previous behaviours.	Feedback, is the reason of behaviours..	0
The European Commission has released a set of slides explaining nanotechnology.	There is no causality between The and nanotechnology..	1
The European Commission has released a set of slides explaining nanotechnology.	The is the reason of nanotechnology..	0
The stick of the pinwheel is as simple as a pencil or as intricate as a carved stick or metal rod.	There is no causality between The and rod..	1
The stick of the pinwheel is as simple as a pencil or as intricate as a carved stick or metal rod.	The is the reason of rod..	0
He has inherited susceptibility to certain cancers.	There is no causality between He and cancers..	1
He has inherited susceptibility to certain cancers.	He is the reason of cancers..	0
Walking trails, fire pit and a tree fort in the woods have encouraged him to spend time outside.	There is no causality between Walking and outside..	1
Walking trails, fire pit and a tree fort in the woods have encouraged him to spend time outside.	Walking is the reason of outside..	0
A doctor uses X-rays for radiographic diagnostic purposes.	There is no causality between A and purposes..	1
A doctor uses X-rays for radiographic diagnostic purposes.	A is the reason of purposes..	0
The patient had crushed a pencil with this toe about 30 years previously.	There is no causality between The and previously..	1
The patient had crushed a pencil with this toe about 30 years previously.	The is the reason of previously..	0
Tonsillitis is caused by infection by a variety of different micro-organisms.	different micro-organisms instigated by infection	1
Tonsillitis is caused by infection by a variety of different micro-organisms.	infection instigated by different micro-organisms	0
The weight of the pharmaceutical in a capsule is dependent on the volume of the channel in the dosage plate and the density of the pharmaceutical.	There is no causality between The and pharmaceutical..	1
The weight of the pharmaceutical in a capsule is dependent on the volume of the channel in the dosage plate and the density of the pharmaceutical.	The is the reason of pharmaceutical..	0
Many of his literary pieces narrate and mention stories that took place in Lipa.	There is no causality between Many and Lipa..	1
Many of his literary pieces narrate and mention stories that took place in Lipa.	Many is the reason of Lipa..	0
I found a piece of paper in your pants pocket with the name 'Marylou' written on it.	There is no causality between I and it..	1
I found a piece of paper in your pants pocket with the name 'Marylou' written on it.	I is the reason of it..	0
'Wellness' tracker lures seniors to a data driven lifestyle.	There is no causality between 'Wellness' and lifestyle..	1
'Wellness' tracker lures seniors to a data driven lifestyle.	'Wellness' is the reason of lifestyle..	0
The graph was stored in live format.	There is no causality between The and format..	1
The graph was stored in live format.	The is the reason of format..	0
It is a dispute over a plot of land where hundreds of babies are believed to be buried.	There is no causality between It and buried..	1
It is a dispute over a plot of land where hundreds of babies are believed to be buried.	It is the reason of buried..	0
The weather is still the main talking point on the front pages.	There is no causality between The and pages..	1
The weather is still the main talking point on the front pages.	The is the reason of pages..	0
The debates proposal is still under consideration, although there are potential problems.	There is no causality between The and problems..	1
The debates proposal is still under consideration, although there are potential problems.	The is the reason of problems..	0
The EMC of the common bean flour was determined at 10, 25, and 40 C.	There is no causality between The and C..	1
The EMC of the common bean flour was determined at 10, 25, and 40 C.	The is the reason of C..	0
The conclusion of the investigation was that the loss was caused by a failure in a cell wall, resulting in a serious crack and a leakage that the pumps were not able to cope with.	a failure lead to the loss	1
The conclusion of the investigation was that the loss was caused by a failure in a cell wall, resulting in a serious crack and a leakage that the pumps were not able to cope with.	the loss lead to a failure	0
People have been moving back into downtown.	There is no causality between People and downtown..	1
People have been moving back into downtown.	People is the reason of downtown..	0
The viewer wields the remote.	There is no causality between The and remote..	1
The viewer wields the remote.	The is the reason of remote..	0
Text messages outline her blossoming romance with the teenager.	There is no causality between Text and teenager..	1
Text messages outline her blossoming romance with the teenager.	Text is the reason of teenager..	0
In 1993, international news agencies reported the murder of a four-year- old English boy, James Bulger.	There is no causality between In and Bulger..	1
In 1993, international news agencies reported the murder of a four-year- old English boy, James Bulger.	In is the reason of Bulger..	0
Blowback firearms use the expanding gas impinging on the cartridge itself to push the bolt of the firearm rearward.	There is no causality between Blowback and rearward..	1
Blowback firearms use the expanding gas impinging on the cartridge itself to push the bolt of the firearm rearward.	Blowback is the reason of rearward..	0
For Jung, the individual is a participant in a 'collective unconscious'.	There is no causality between For and unconscious'..	1
For Jung, the individual is a participant in a 'collective unconscious'.	For is the reason of unconscious'..	0
There was be just sufficient time for him to go there and return before the boat had left the shore.	There is no causality between There and shore..	1
There was be just sufficient time for him to go there and return before the boat had left the shore.	There is the reason of shore..	0
Roni Music is a software company with an emphasis on powerful music software.	There is no causality between Roni and software..	1
Roni Music is a software company with an emphasis on powerful music software.	Roni is the reason of software..	0
The company dragged the reducers into the hydrocarbon transportation system.	There is no causality between The and system..	1
The company dragged the reducers into the hydrocarbon transportation system.	The is the reason of system..	0
It was noted that this policy had been considered at the last meeting of the Policy and Procedure Review.	There is no causality between It and Review..	1
It was noted that this policy had been considered at the last meeting of the Policy and Procedure Review.	It is the reason of Review..	0
She has fetched the poodle into the same acre of ground as pup.	There is no causality between She and pup..	1
She has fetched the poodle into the same acre of ground as pup.	She is the reason of pup..	0
That's right boys and girls you read that correctly, you just shared a printer over the internet.	There is no causality between That's and internet..	1
That's right boys and girls you read that correctly, you just shared a printer over the internet.	That's is the reason of internet..	0
Cost-benefit analysis is used mainly to assess the monetary value of very large private and public sector projects.	There is no causality between Cost-benefit and projects..	1
Cost-benefit analysis is used mainly to assess the monetary value of very large private and public sector projects.	Cost-benefit is the reason of projects..	0
The man poured water into the seeds.	There is no causality between The and seeds..	1
The man poured water into the seeds.	The is the reason of seeds..	0
This machine pops out pancakes at a rate of 200 pancakes per hour.	There is no causality between This and hour..	1
This machine pops out pancakes at a rate of 200 pancakes per hour.	This is the reason of hour..	0
Interior chief adds hurdles for drilling on public lands.	There is no causality between Interior and lands..	1
Interior chief adds hurdles for drilling on public lands.	Interior is the reason of lands..	0
Earl turned and leaned on the railing of the balcony.	There is no causality between Earl and balcony..	1
Earl turned and leaned on the railing of the balcony.	Earl is the reason of balcony..	0
Controlling for the mid-five-figure bribe, Imus is a guilty pleasure for a large ratpack of media folks including Anna Quindlen, Jim Lehrer, Tim Russert, Tom Brokaw, Bill O'Reilly, Tom Friedman, Frank Rich, Maureen Dowd, and Andy Rooney.	There is no causality between Controlling and Rooney..	1
Controlling for the mid-five-figure bribe, Imus is a guilty pleasure for a large ratpack of media folks including Anna Quindlen, Jim Lehrer, Tim Russert, Tom Brokaw, Bill O'Reilly, Tom Friedman, Frank Rich, Maureen Dowd, and Andy Rooney.	Controlling is the reason of Rooney..	0
The note was tucked inside a quart size plastic ziplock bag.	There is no causality between The and bag..	1
The note was tucked inside a quart size plastic ziplock bag.	The is the reason of bag..	0
Time travel is a common theme in science fiction.	There is no causality between Time and fiction..	1
Time travel is a common theme in science fiction.	Time is the reason of fiction..	0
The symbol appears on the hilt of the katana.	There is no causality between The and katana..	1
The symbol appears on the hilt of the katana.	The is the reason of katana..	0
The farm is participant in forestry and there have already been planted around eight thousand plants.	There is no causality between The and plants..	1
The farm is participant in forestry and there have already been planted around eight thousand plants.	The is the reason of plants..	0
The trip of two mountain goats to was also a subject for discussion.	There is no causality between The and discussion..	1
The trip of two mountain goats to was also a subject for discussion.	The is the reason of discussion..	0
The lychee stuffed in the meat stirs the palate with a resonating note of citrus while the elusive taste of the lotus leaves fades.	There is no causality between The and fades..	1
The lychee stuffed in the meat stirs the palate with a resonating note of citrus while the elusive taste of the lotus leaves fades.	The is the reason of fades..	0
A knitting needle or knitting pin is a long stick or rod used as a tool in the manufacture of hand knitted fabric.	There is no causality between A and fabric..	1
A knitting needle or knitting pin is a long stick or rod used as a tool in the manufacture of hand knitted fabric.	A is the reason of fabric..	0
The composition forming the subject of the present invention included one or more fillers as defined above.	There is no causality between The and above..	1
The composition forming the subject of the present invention included one or more fillers as defined above.	The is the reason of above..	0
Crude soybean oil meeting exchange-approved grades and standards-see exchange Rules and Regulations for exact specifications.	There is no causality between Crude and specifications..	1
Crude soybean oil meeting exchange-approved grades and standards-see exchange Rules and Regulations for exact specifications.	Crude is the reason of specifications..	0
The paddle of the microaccelerometer is designed symmetric with respect to the direction of the beam.	There is no causality between The and beam..	1
The paddle of the microaccelerometer is designed symmetric with respect to the direction of the beam.	The is the reason of beam..	0
A man in a boat pushes the shore with a pole and his boat gets clear of the shore.	There is no causality between A and shore..	1
A man in a boat pushes the shore with a pole and his boat gets clear of the shore.	A is the reason of shore..	0
Last year Cavendish had barely completed a move, 45 degrees across a road at 70km/h, before his fiancee, Melissa, watching on TV, had completed a text message threatening him with divorce if he risked his life like that again.	There is no causality between Last and again..	1
Last year Cavendish had barely completed a move, 45 degrees across a road at 70km/h, before his fiancee, Melissa, watching on TV, had completed a text message threatening him with divorce if he risked his life like that again.	Last is the reason of again..	0
His works criticize agricultural civilization as inherently oppressive.	There is no causality between His and oppressive..	1
His works criticize agricultural civilization as inherently oppressive.	His is the reason of oppressive..	0
The motor drives the blade using a belt rather than being directly connected like the portable models.	There is no causality between The and models..	1
The motor drives the blade using a belt rather than being directly connected like the portable models.	The is the reason of models..	0
Eight busloads ran into contention.	There is no causality between Eight and contention..	1
Eight busloads ran into contention.	Eight is the reason of contention..	0
The commander has dragged soldiers into unnecessary battles.	There is no causality between The and battles..	1
The commander has dragged soldiers into unnecessary battles.	The is the reason of battles..	0
Novomer's cleaner burning binder goes into customer trials.	There is no causality between Novomer's and trials..	1
Novomer's cleaner burning binder goes into customer trials.	Novomer's is the reason of trials..	0
This machine has two heating units and two cooling units.	There is no causality between This and units..	1
This machine has two heating units and two cooling units.	This is the reason of units..	0
A short introductory chapter furnishes the background information.	There is no causality between A and information..	1
A short introductory chapter furnishes the background information.	A is the reason of information..	0
I have inserted various cartridges into that old printer, but still the printer is not working.	There is no causality between I and working..	1
I have inserted various cartridges into that old printer, but still the printer is not working.	I is the reason of working..	0
The money was hidden in his bag and in his underwear.	There is no causality between The and underwear..	1
The money was hidden in his bag and in his underwear.	The is the reason of underwear..	0
In fact, in the concerto form, the soloist often composed and performed a cadenza as a way to express their individual interpretation of the piece.	There is no causality between In and piece..	1
In fact, in the concerto form, the soloist often composed and performed a cadenza as a way to express their individual interpretation of the piece.	In is the reason of piece..	0
The box holds the answer to how you got trapped.	There is no causality between The and trapped..	1
The box holds the answer to how you got trapped.	The is the reason of trapped..	0
In summer 2000, an Adventist church in Polotsk, Vitebsk Region, was damaged by a fire started with flammable liquids.	flammable liquids because fire	1
In summer 2000, an Adventist church in Polotsk, Vitebsk Region, was damaged by a fire started with flammable liquids.	fire because flammable liquids	0
The archives also publish historical and scientific studies.	There is no causality between The and studies..	1
The archives also publish historical and scientific studies.	The is the reason of studies..	0
The technitians discussed how to clean the throttle cable on a gas scooter.	There is no causality between The and scooter..	1
The technitians discussed how to clean the throttle cable on a gas scooter.	The is the reason of scooter..	0
The trays were placed into a mixed beaker of 4 drops Ivory liquid.	There is no causality between The and liquid..	1
The trays were placed into a mixed beaker of 4 drops Ivory liquid.	The is the reason of liquid..	0
My remark pertained to your earlier comments.	There is no causality between My and comments..	1
My remark pertained to your earlier comments.	My is the reason of comments..	0
Meanwhile, we placed the potatoes in a steaming basket that was fitting inside a large pot.	There is no causality between Meanwhile, and pot..	1
Meanwhile, we placed the potatoes in a steaming basket that was fitting inside a large pot.	Meanwhile, is the reason of pot..	0
More people know and understand their rights on issues such as benefits, housing and employment.	There is no causality between More and employment..	1
More people know and understand their rights on issues such as benefits, housing and employment.	More is the reason of employment..	0
I get severe headaches and dizziness from colas and drinks with nutrasweet  and splenda .	drinks cause dizziness	1
I get severe headaches and dizziness from colas and drinks with nutrasweet  and splenda .	dizziness cause drinks	0
Meyer lemon marmalade is an amazingly delicious version of fruit recipe.	There is no causality between Meyer and recipe..	1
Meyer lemon marmalade is an amazingly delicious version of fruit recipe.	Meyer is the reason of recipe..	0
In this method, multiword concepts are treated as single words.	There is no causality between In and words..	1
In this method, multiword concepts are treated as single words.	In is the reason of words..	0
Two years passed before I saw the ibex again, despite regular field trips to the area and the services of an NCWCD ranger who knew every bend in the maze of canyons.	There is no causality between Two and canyons..	1
Two years passed before I saw the ibex again, despite regular field trips to the area and the services of an NCWCD ranger who knew every bend in the maze of canyons.	Two is the reason of canyons..	0
The stress of electoral defeats exposed Mr. Hoyte to opposite pressures within the constituency of his supporters.	There is no causality between The and supporters..	1
The stress of electoral defeats exposed Mr. Hoyte to opposite pressures within the constituency of his supporters.	The is the reason of supporters..	0
It's unfortunate you tried a potato vodka.	There is no causality between It's and vodka..	1
It's unfortunate you tried a potato vodka.	It's is the reason of vodka..	0
The point of the article is that food forms an important part of CNY.	There is no causality between The and CNY..	1
The point of the article is that food forms an important part of CNY.	The is the reason of CNY..	0
The windshield of the cockpit is much like other windshields except for a few things, laser sensors on the plane find other planes within a 45 mile radius.	There is no causality between The and radius..	1
The windshield of the cockpit is much like other windshields except for a few things, laser sensors on the plane find other planes within a 45 mile radius.	The is the reason of radius..	0
Obama uses Nobel speech to explain his foreign policy doctrine.	There is no causality between Obama and doctrine..	1
Obama uses Nobel speech to explain his foreign policy doctrine.	Obama is the reason of doctrine..	0
Nido Petroleum hires rig for drilling.	There is no causality between Nido and drilling..	1
Nido Petroleum hires rig for drilling.	Nido is the reason of drilling..	0
The economic collapse was caused by consumers buying mortgages they couldn't afford and the housing collapse.	the housing collapse lead to The economic collapse	1
The economic collapse was caused by consumers buying mortgages they couldn't afford and the housing collapse.	The economic collapse lead to the housing collapse	0
The brick is aligned with the hinge of the repaired book.	There is no causality between The and book..	1
The brick is aligned with the hinge of the repaired book.	The is the reason of book..	0
Third, the user places his non-dominant index finger in the pin of the grenade while maintaining a firm grasp on the body of the grenade.	There is no causality between Third, and grenade..	1
Third, the user places his non-dominant index finger in the pin of the grenade while maintaining a firm grasp on the body of the grenade.	Third, is the reason of grenade..	0
U.S. astronauts took weapons into space with them.	There is no causality between U.S. and them..	1
U.S. astronauts took weapons into space with them.	U.S. is the reason of them..	0
This website is the best tool for artists, labels and fans alike.	There is no causality between This and alike..	1
This website is the best tool for artists, labels and fans alike.	This is the reason of alike..	0
It is a document that recites facts pertinent to a legal proceeding.	There is no causality between It and proceeding..	1
It is a document that recites facts pertinent to a legal proceeding.	It is the reason of proceeding..	0
Two other structures in the depth of the midbrain that are important for normal motor function are the red nucleus  and the substantia nigra.	There is no causality between Two and nigra..	1
Two other structures in the depth of the midbrain that are important for normal motor function are the red nucleus  and the substantia nigra.	Two is the reason of nigra..	0
The athlete ran into a hurdle.	There is no causality between The and hurdle..	1
The athlete ran into a hurdle.	The is the reason of hurdle..	0
For 25 years, Christmas in New Bern has included a flotilla of decorated boats gliding along the confluence of the Neuse and Trent rivers at Union Point Park.	There is no causality between For and Park..	1
For 25 years, Christmas in New Bern has included a flotilla of decorated boats gliding along the confluence of the Neuse and Trent rivers at Union Point Park.	For is the reason of Park..	0
He has just sent spam to the clients.	There is no causality between He and clients..	1
He has just sent spam to the clients.	He is the reason of clients..	0
The Billboard charts tabulate the relative weekly popularity of songs or albums in the United States.	There is no causality between The and States..	1
The Billboard charts tabulate the relative weekly popularity of songs or albums in the United States.	The is the reason of States..	0
An Iraqi unit is sent to battle the cult.	There is no causality between An and cult..	1
An Iraqi unit is sent to battle the cult.	An is the reason of cult..	0
The student moved his digressions into footnotes.	There is no causality between The and footnotes..	1
The student moved his digressions into footnotes.	The is the reason of footnotes..	0
Job listings in India have been added to our careers section.	There is no causality between Job and section..	1
Job listings in India have been added to our careers section.	Job is the reason of section..	0
That paper received favorable review.	There is no causality between That and review..	1
That paper received favorable review.	That is the reason of review..	0
The difference, though, is that this research targeted the phagocytes with the polymer nanoparticles, and not the cancer cells themselves.	There is no causality between The and themselves..	1
The difference, though, is that this research targeted the phagocytes with the polymer nanoparticles, and not the cancer cells themselves.	The is the reason of themselves..	0
Most importantly, the shock and anger caused by the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor united a divided nation and was translated into a wholehearted commitment to victory in World War II.	the surprise attack lead to anger	1
Most importantly, the shock and anger caused by the surprise attack on Pearl Harbor united a divided nation and was translated into a wholehearted commitment to victory in World War II.	anger lead to the surprise attack	0
The debris were thrown into the air.	There is no causality between The and air..	1
The debris were thrown into the air.	The is the reason of air..	0
Approximately 20 dl of water was put in a fish tank.	There is no causality between Approximately and tank..	1
Approximately 20 dl of water was put in a fish tank.	Approximately is the reason of tank..	0
The company has entered into a reseller agreement.	There is no causality between The and agreement..	1
The company has entered into a reseller agreement.	The is the reason of agreement..	0
The speech was about a conversation I had with my daughter.	There is no causality between The and daughter..	1
The speech was about a conversation I had with my daughter.	The is the reason of daughter..	0
He put a book into the cupboard.	There is no causality between He and cupboard..	1
He put a book into the cupboard.	He is the reason of cupboard..	0
The speeches were on the subject of the relationship between institutional and poetic violence.	There is no causality between The and violence..	1
The speeches were on the subject of the relationship between institutional and poetic violence.	The is the reason of violence..	0
This article introduces feminist and women's rights arguments.	There is no causality between This and arguments..	1
This article introduces feminist and women's rights arguments.	This is the reason of arguments..	0
Natural history programmes began as live outside broadcasts on BBC television in the early 1950s.	There is no causality between Natural and 1950s..	1
Natural history programmes began as live outside broadcasts on BBC television in the early 1950s.	Natural is the reason of 1950s..	0
This volume synthesizes current understanding of the ecology of Alaska's boreal forests.	There is no causality between This and forests..	1
This volume synthesizes current understanding of the ecology of Alaska's boreal forests.	This is the reason of forests..	0
She bought a gold bracelet for her sister.	There is no causality between She and sister..	1
She bought a gold bracelet for her sister.	She is the reason of sister..	0
A sailing ship is scratched in a jug marked "G. Goodale, Hartford.	There is no causality between A and Hartford..	1
A sailing ship is scratched in a jug marked "G. Goodale, Hartford.	A is the reason of Hartford..	0
Local fisherman heated some of their catch cooked over coals in a scuttle.	There is no causality between Local and scuttle..	1
Local fisherman heated some of their catch cooked over coals in a scuttle.	Local is the reason of scuttle..	0
The feed wire connecting the two blades of the antenna has a length of 4 mm and a radius of 0.01 mm.	There is no causality between The and mm..	1
The feed wire connecting the two blades of the antenna has a length of 4 mm and a radius of 0.01 mm.	The is the reason of mm..	0
On instruments with stoppable strings, such as the violin or guitar, the player shortens the vibrating length of the string.	There is no causality between On and string..	1
On instruments with stoppable strings, such as the violin or guitar, the player shortens the vibrating length of the string.	On is the reason of string..	0
As of 2010 the farm has two large greenhouses and one field tunnel and cultivates about 6 acres of vegetables.	There is no causality between As and vegetables..	1
As of 2010 the farm has two large greenhouses and one field tunnel and cultivates about 6 acres of vegetables.	As is the reason of vegetables..	0
Just as the terrorists took advantage of our relatively open and porous educational, aviation, and immigration systems to plan and execute their attacks, they also likely took advantage of our financial systems.	There is no causality between Just and systems..	1
Just as the terrorists took advantage of our relatively open and porous educational, aviation, and immigration systems to plan and execute their attacks, they also likely took advantage of our financial systems.	Just is the reason of systems..	0
A stranger approached my little brother.	There is no causality between A and brother..	1
A stranger approached my little brother.	A is the reason of brother..	0
It was the whole world to a sun boy who was born in a refugee camp.	There is no causality between It and camp..	1
It was the whole world to a sun boy who was born in a refugee camp.	It is the reason of camp..	0
A good neck support pillow can be used while you are sleeping to remedy the neck pain which has been caused by the stresses and strains of your daily routine.	strains cause the neck pain	1
A good neck support pillow can be used while you are sleeping to remedy the neck pain which has been caused by the stresses and strains of your daily routine.	the neck pain cause strains	0
The laptop was in the desk.	There is no causality between The and desk..	1
The laptop was in the desk.	The is the reason of desk..	0
Real gamers use keys neck ties.	There is no causality between Real and ties..	1
Real gamers use keys neck ties.	Real is the reason of ties..	0
Thomas once found a clew of slow worms  under a stone.	There is no causality between Thomas and stone..	1
Thomas once found a clew of slow worms  under a stone.	Thomas is the reason of stone..	0
It is a literary style which portrays crime and violence in an unsentimental way.	There is no causality between It and way..	1
It is a literary style which portrays crime and violence in an unsentimental way.	It is the reason of way..	0
The bond-insurance unit was placed into receivership.	There is no causality between The and receivership..	1
The bond-insurance unit was placed into receivership.	The is the reason of receivership..	0
NASA have also taken fish into space.	There is no causality between NASA and space..	1
NASA have also taken fish into space.	NASA is the reason of space..	0
The studies revealed that skin irritation from soaps, inaccessibility to supplies or sinks, and insufficient time to wash hands between every patient care contact were the main reasons given by healthcare workers for lack of handwashing compliance.	insufficient time because lack	1
The studies revealed that skin irritation from soaps, inaccessibility to supplies or sinks, and insufficient time to wash hands between every patient care contact were the main reasons given by healthcare workers for lack of handwashing compliance.	lack because insufficient time	0
New portable electronic devices are running into temperature sensitivity issues.	There is no causality between New and issues..	1
New portable electronic devices are running into temperature sensitivity issues.	New is the reason of issues..	0
There is a wedge or a sownder of swans flying north for the spring breeding season.	There is no causality between There and season..	1
There is a wedge or a sownder of swans flying north for the spring breeding season.	There is the reason of season..	0
The most common audits were about waste and recycling.	There is no causality between The and recycling..	1
The most common audits were about waste and recycling.	The is the reason of recycling..	0
Second, the car was in a crate, so no one would have been able to climb into it even if he/she had found a way into the cargo hold.	There is no causality between Second, and hold..	1
Second, the car was in a crate, so no one would have been able to climb into it even if he/she had found a way into the cargo hold.	Second, is the reason of hold..	0
Twenty physicists sent letters to the government as an act of protest.	There is no causality between Twenty and protest..	1
Twenty physicists sent letters to the government as an act of protest.	Twenty is the reason of protest..	0
Sodium causes fluid retention, which can lead to edema , increased blood pressure, and in those susceptible patients, congestive heart failure.	fluid retention instigated by congestive heart failure	1
Sodium causes fluid retention, which can lead to edema , increased blood pressure, and in those susceptible patients, congestive heart failure.	congestive heart failure instigated by fluid retention	0
He packed the sandwiches into a knapsack.	There is no causality between He and knapsack..	1
He packed the sandwiches into a knapsack.	He is the reason of knapsack..	0
The head of the team has gathered a very dynamic and productive team.	There is no causality between The and team..	1
The head of the team has gathered a very dynamic and productive team.	The is the reason of team..	0
The company is migrating into profitable new segments.	There is no causality between The and segments..	1
The company is migrating into profitable new segments.	The is the reason of segments..	0
Laws often refer to blade lengths and styles to define tools with useful purposes.	There is no causality between Laws and purposes..	1
Laws often refer to blade lengths and styles to define tools with useful purposes.	Laws is the reason of purposes..	0
It is noteworthy that Peacham's emblem has a hunter chasing the ermine with a spear and dogs.	There is no causality between It and dogs..	1
It is noteworthy that Peacham's emblem has a hunter chasing the ermine with a spear and dogs.	It is the reason of dogs..	0
The space monkey travels into space.	There is no causality between The and space..	1
The space monkey travels into space.	The is the reason of space..	0
Cavalry consisted of cuirassiers, dragoons and chevauxlegers.	There is no causality between Cavalry and chevauxlegers..	1
Cavalry consisted of cuirassiers, dragoons and chevauxlegers.	Cavalry is the reason of chevauxlegers..	0
Within each fuel tank, the fuel was inside a teflon bladder.	There is no causality between Within and bladder..	1
Within each fuel tank, the fuel was inside a teflon bladder.	Within is the reason of bladder..	0
The basin has sunk into a deep depression.	There is no causality between The and depression..	1
The basin has sunk into a deep depression.	The is the reason of depression..	0
The safety cockpit of the airplane has been completely redesigned.	There is no causality between The and redesigned..	1
The safety cockpit of the airplane has been completely redesigned.	The is the reason of redesigned..	0
The section focused on the notion of a backprojection, which was used in that to characterize the set of states that can reach another set of states in one stage.	There is no causality between The and stage..	1
The section focused on the notion of a backprojection, which was used in that to characterize the set of states that can reach another set of states in one stage.	The is the reason of stage..	0
Only part of the food energy is passed on to another consumer.	There is no causality between Only and consumer..	1
Only part of the food energy is passed on to another consumer.	Only is the reason of consumer..	0
Rythmbox moves the song into the MP player.	There is no causality between Rythmbox and player..	1
Rythmbox moves the song into the MP player.	Rythmbox is the reason of player..	0
On eastern side the company has carved out 30-foot benches, known as "Mayan steps.	There is no causality between On and steps..	1
On eastern side the company has carved out 30-foot benches, known as "Mayan steps.	On is the reason of steps..	0
The hotel is in the style of a country lodge and only has 18 rooms.	There is no causality between The and rooms..	1
The hotel is in the style of a country lodge and only has 18 rooms.	The is the reason of rooms..	0
But O'Brien was proud of how his team finished a difficult season.	There is no causality between But and season..	1
But O'Brien was proud of how his team finished a difficult season.	But is the reason of season..	0
One of the few clear and non-controversial norms governing issues of state succession are the customary rules enshrined in article 11.	There is no causality between One and 11..	1
One of the few clear and non-controversial norms governing issues of state succession are the customary rules enshrined in article 11.	One is the reason of 11..	0
The R&B singer has issued a statement expressing remorse 'over what transpired' and saying he is seeking counselling.	There is no causality between The and counselling..	1
The R&B singer has issued a statement expressing remorse 'over what transpired' and saying he is seeking counselling.	The is the reason of counselling..	0
Their parental responsibilities are handed over into another's care.	There is no causality between Their and care..	1
Their parental responsibilities are handed over into another's care.	Their is the reason of care..	0
You have added keys into the memory on the remote systems.	There is no causality between You and systems..	1
You have added keys into the memory on the remote systems.	You is the reason of systems..	0
Luke played the crucial role of goal-keeper in the team that defeated tournament favourites Croatia 6-4 in the final match.	There is no causality between Luke and match..	1
Luke played the crucial role of goal-keeper in the team that defeated tournament favourites Croatia 6-4 in the final match.	Luke is the reason of match..	0
The local newspaper keeps New Brighton residents informed on various events in the city.	There is no causality between The and city..	1
The local newspaper keeps New Brighton residents informed on various events in the city.	The is the reason of city..	0
In this paper, we introduce dynamic analysis and model transformations of longitudinal flight of hypersonic aircrafts.	There is no causality between In and aircrafts..	1
In this paper, we introduce dynamic analysis and model transformations of longitudinal flight of hypersonic aircrafts.	In is the reason of aircrafts..	0
It dated back to the Meiji time that ryes were the raw material of wheat liquor.	There is no causality between It and liquor..	1
It dated back to the Meiji time that ryes were the raw material of wheat liquor.	It is the reason of liquor..	0
Since last year, many people are sinking into debt.	There is no causality between Since and debt..	1
Since last year, many people are sinking into debt.	Since is the reason of debt..	0
The wheat starch has had more than one-hundred-year tradition in Krnov.	There is no causality between The and Krnov..	1
The wheat starch has had more than one-hundred-year tradition in Krnov.	The is the reason of Krnov..	0
This exhibition involves literature and ethics as well as science and history.	There is no causality between This and history..	1
This exhibition involves literature and ethics as well as science and history.	This is the reason of history..	0
The kids illuminated them with a candle.	There is no causality between The and candle..	1
The kids illuminated them with a candle.	The is the reason of candle..	0
He used to bring some cigarettes into these Middle Eastern countries.	There is no causality between He and countries..	1
He used to bring some cigarettes into these Middle Eastern countries.	He is the reason of countries..	0
The next shot shows only a suitcase with neatly folder clothes in it on the bed.	There is no causality between The and bed..	1
The next shot shows only a suitcase with neatly folder clothes in it on the bed.	The is the reason of bed..	0
With iterpipes, python is ready to replace the bash shell for scripting.	There is no causality between With and scripting..	1
With iterpipes, python is ready to replace the bash shell for scripting.	With is the reason of scripting..	0
The boy inserted pepper into his little brother's toy.	There is no causality between The and toy..	1
The boy inserted pepper into his little brother's toy.	The is the reason of toy..	0
The strong winds blew snow into the snowdrifts.	There is no causality between The and snowdrifts..	1
The strong winds blew snow into the snowdrifts.	The is the reason of snowdrifts..	0
The cabinet encloses a 6 1/2 inch cone woofer, 4 inch cone midrange, and a 7/8 inch balanced dome tweeter.	There is no causality between The and tweeter..	1
The cabinet encloses a 6 1/2 inch cone woofer, 4 inch cone midrange, and a 7/8 inch balanced dome tweeter.	The is the reason of tweeter..	0
The predominant mixing action is to shear the mixing compound between the rotors of the mixer, and the distance between the rotors is less than the rotor diameter.	There is no causality between The and diameter..	1
The predominant mixing action is to shear the mixing compound between the rotors of the mixer, and the distance between the rotors is less than the rotor diameter.	The is the reason of diameter..	0
As a guitarist I get so much satisfaction from the playing and performing of music.	performing cause so much satisfaction	1
As a guitarist I get so much satisfaction from the playing and performing of music.	so much satisfaction cause performing	0
Soya farming is one of the main causes of tropical deforestation, which currently produces a fifth of global climate change.	tropical deforestation cause global climate change	1
Soya farming is one of the main causes of tropical deforestation, which currently produces a fifth of global climate change.	global climate change cause tropical deforestation	0
This show studies the artist's conversation between and untamed subject and a highly domesticated setting.	There is no causality between This and setting..	1
This show studies the artist's conversation between and untamed subject and a highly domesticated setting.	This is the reason of setting..	0
The migration as defined in this article was the expansion of the Turkic peoples across most of Central Asia into Europe and the Middle East.	There is no causality between The and East..	1
The migration as defined in this article was the expansion of the Turkic peoples across most of Central Asia into Europe and the Middle East.	The is the reason of East..	0
The most famous unkindness of six ravens at the Tower of London are employees, kept on staff at the expense of the British government.	There is no causality between The and government..	1
The most famous unkindness of six ravens at the Tower of London are employees, kept on staff at the expense of the British government.	The is the reason of government..	0
The examination paper was based on topics which previously had been treated in prerequisite modules in isolation.	There is no causality between The and isolation..	1
The examination paper was based on topics which previously had been treated in prerequisite modules in isolation.	The is the reason of isolation..	0
In one place the sea had a sweep fifteen feet of the were upturned, and a big pile of human bones was exhumed.	There is no causality between In and exhumed..	1
In one place the sea had a sweep fifteen feet of the were upturned, and a big pile of human bones was exhumed.	In is the reason of exhumed..	0
Dogs develop a fever from stress and/or pain such as in a severe flea infestation.	pain was radiating from a fever	1
Dogs develop a fever from stress and/or pain such as in a severe flea infestation.	a fever was radiating from pain	0
The final character was the brilliant scientist inventor and technology geek.	There is no causality between The and geek..	1
The final character was the brilliant scientist inventor and technology geek.	The is the reason of geek..	0
Mark Patterson discusses the issues affecting daily life in the north-west.	There is no causality between Mark and north-west..	1
Mark Patterson discusses the issues affecting daily life in the north-west.	Mark is the reason of north-west..	0
The water was in a cup.	There is no causality between The and cup..	1
The water was in a cup.	The is the reason of cup..	0
Amazon put ads into Kindle books.	There is no causality between Amazon and books..	1
Amazon put ads into Kindle books.	Amazon is the reason of books..	0
Another popular military blade was the hyup-do, a heavy, long sword with a curved blade.	There is no causality between Another and blade..	1
Another popular military blade was the hyup-do, a heavy, long sword with a curved blade.	Another is the reason of blade..	0
The author of a keygen uses a disassembler to look at the raw assembly code.	There is no causality between The and code..	1
The author of a keygen uses a disassembler to look at the raw assembly code.	The is the reason of code..	0
Real metrosexuals use moisturizers.	There is no causality between Real and moisturizers..	1
Real metrosexuals use moisturizers.	Real is the reason of moisturizers..	0
This developing country has moved into the 21st century.	There is no causality between This and century..	1
This developing country has moved into the 21st century.	This is the reason of century..	0
Electron microscopes are scientific instruments that use a beam of highly energetic electrons to examine objects on a very fine scale.	There is no causality between Electron and scale..	1
Electron microscopes are scientific instruments that use a beam of highly energetic electrons to examine objects on a very fine scale.	Electron is the reason of scale..	0
My cat has a problem with his paw.	There is no causality between My and paw..	1
My cat has a problem with his paw.	My is the reason of paw..	0
Mechanical faults caused delays and cancellations on Wellington's suburban train services this morning.	Mechanical faults because cancellations	1
Mechanical faults caused delays and cancellations on Wellington's suburban train services this morning.	cancellations because Mechanical faults	0
The flower buds of forsythia require a relatively short rest period and will grow at the first sign of warm weather.	There is no causality between The and weather..	1
The flower buds of forsythia require a relatively short rest period and will grow at the first sign of warm weather.	The is the reason of weather..	0
Parental pressures of unemployment and poverty lead to drug abuse and alcoholism or stress and depression which have a profound effect on children.	Parental pressures lead to depression	1
Parental pressures of unemployment and poverty lead to drug abuse and alcoholism or stress and depression which have a profound effect on children.	depression lead to Parental pressures	0
This apartment has a recently redone kitchen and bathroom and gets lots of light.	There is no causality between This and light..	1
This apartment has a recently redone kitchen and bathroom and gets lots of light.	This is the reason of light..	0
The executioners have carried the scholar into exile.	There is no causality between The and exile..	1
The executioners have carried the scholar into exile.	The is the reason of exile..	0
They are symbols that indicate the structure and organization of written language.	There is no causality between They and language..	1
They are symbols that indicate the structure and organization of written language.	They is the reason of language..	0
The second discourse concerned the role of democracy in the new republic.	There is no causality between The and republic..	1
The second discourse concerned the role of democracy in the new republic.	The is the reason of republic..	0
The governments have injected billions into their economies.	There is no causality between The and economies..	1
The governments have injected billions into their economies.	The is the reason of economies..	0
Frozen concentrated orange juice futures have gained 17% this week on fears that crop damage could be substantial.	There is no causality between Frozen and substantial..	1
Frozen concentrated orange juice futures have gained 17% this week on fears that crop damage could be substantial.	Frozen is the reason of substantial..	0
National Discourse"  shows a stout British sailor with a cudgel staring down a relatively effete French seaman with a sword.	There is no causality between National and sword..	1
National Discourse"  shows a stout British sailor with a cudgel staring down a relatively effete French seaman with a sword.	National is the reason of sword..	0
The sugar was in a cabinet above the sink.	There is no causality between The and sink..	1
The sugar was in a cabinet above the sink.	The is the reason of sink..	0
Beginning in 1939, the factory's passenger cars were sold under the Moskvitch  brand.	There is no causality between Beginning and brand..	1
Beginning in 1939, the factory's passenger cars were sold under the Moskvitch  brand.	Beginning is the reason of brand..	0
Hitler expressed his disappointment over the Munich Agreement in a speech on 9 October 1938.	There is no causality between Hitler and 1938..	1
Hitler expressed his disappointment over the Munich Agreement in a speech on 9 October 1938.	Hitler is the reason of 1938..	0
The ligature assists the performer in seeking a more responsive and free playing style.	There is no causality between The and style..	1
The ligature assists the performer in seeking a more responsive and free playing style.	The is the reason of style..	0
The taxpayers have dumped billions into this bankrupt company without noticing it.	There is no causality between The and it..	1
The taxpayers have dumped billions into this bankrupt company without noticing it.	The is the reason of it..	0
Nelson's body was preserved first in a cask of brandy - at Gibraltar, this was changed to spirits of wine.	There is no causality between Nelson's and wine..	1
Nelson's body was preserved first in a cask of brandy - at Gibraltar, this was changed to spirits of wine.	Nelson's is the reason of wine..	0
Those aliens travel to the deep space in seconds.	There is no causality between Those and seconds..	1
Those aliens travel to the deep space in seconds.	Those is the reason of seconds..	0
The school master teaches the lesson with a stick.	There is no causality between The and stick..	1
The school master teaches the lesson with a stick.	The is the reason of stick..	0
This process passes on a health gene to the next generation.	There is no causality between This and generation..	1
This process passes on a health gene to the next generation.	This is the reason of generation..	0
A snake 's tongue looks like a long, sharp, slender forked finger.	There is no causality between A and finger..	1
A snake 's tongue looks like a long, sharp, slender forked finger.	A is the reason of finger..	0
During his travel to Russia you managed to buy vodka in a plastic bag.	There is no causality between During and bag..	1
During his travel to Russia you managed to buy vodka in a plastic bag.	During is the reason of bag..	0
Thursday afternoon the staff from the University of Wisconsin-Madison near Lake Mendota felt a shake and heard a noise like a boom which was triggered by an ice quake.	an ice quake cause a noise	1
Thursday afternoon the staff from the University of Wisconsin-Madison near Lake Mendota felt a shake and heard a noise like a boom which was triggered by an ice quake.	a noise cause an ice quake	0
The first workshop was convened on the topic of derivatives.	There is no causality between The and derivatives..	1
The first workshop was convened on the topic of derivatives.	The is the reason of derivatives..	0
His donating blood to an unknown patient was a good thing to do.	There is no causality between His and do..	1
His donating blood to an unknown patient was a good thing to do.	His is the reason of do..	0
The conclusion chapter is cautious and organised around the six themes of the book.	There is no causality between The and book..	1
The conclusion chapter is cautious and organised around the six themes of the book.	The is the reason of book..	0
The bulbs in my house use 190 watts.	There is no causality between The and watts..	1
The bulbs in my house use 190 watts.	The is the reason of watts..	0
On the way in we saw a big raft of Eider ducks and there were some tiny babies with them.	There is no causality between On and them..	1
On the way in we saw a big raft of Eider ducks and there were some tiny babies with them.	On is the reason of them..	0
The USA government handed over these detained foreign citizens to Russian boarder guards.	There is no causality between The and guards..	1
The USA government handed over these detained foreign citizens to Russian boarder guards.	The is the reason of guards..	0
The silver-haired author was not just laying India's politician saint to rest but healing a generations-old rift in the family of the country's founding father.	There is no causality between The and father..	1
The silver-haired author was not just laying India's politician saint to rest but healing a generations-old rift in the family of the country's founding father.	The is the reason of father..	0
Rosacea is a longterm disorder in which the skin of the face becomes red and develops pimples, lesions, and more rarely enlargement of the nose.	There is no causality between Rosacea and nose..	1
Rosacea is a longterm disorder in which the skin of the face becomes red and develops pimples, lesions, and more rarely enlargement of the nose.	Rosacea is the reason of nose..	0
Our next appointment is with the largest congregation of saltwater crocodiles in the world - the famous Mary River.	There is no causality between Our and River..	1
Our next appointment is with the largest congregation of saltwater crocodiles in the world - the famous Mary River.	Our is the reason of River..	0
Recently a National Geographic video showed a pod of seals teasing a group of iguanas.	There is no causality between Recently and iguanas..	1
Recently a National Geographic video showed a pod of seals teasing a group of iguanas.	Recently is the reason of iguanas..	0
He testified that cause of death was massive bleeding into the blood sac of the heart caused by a stab wound on the left chest.	a stab wound caused by massive bleeding	1
He testified that cause of death was massive bleeding into the blood sac of the heart caused by a stab wound on the left chest.	massive bleeding caused by a stab wound	0
Radial mixing processes have transported such material into outer disc regions.	There is no causality between Radial and regions..	1
Radial mixing processes have transported such material into outer disc regions.	Radial is the reason of regions..	0
Some pathologists do this with a scalpel, while others use scissors.	There is no causality between Some and scissors..	1
Some pathologists do this with a scalpel, while others use scissors.	Some is the reason of scissors..	0
You shaped the bristles of the brush with clean lather still in it.	There is no causality between You and it..	1
You shaped the bristles of the brush with clean lather still in it.	You is the reason of it..	0
Over the years a sound stud of homogenous brood mares has developed.	There is no causality between Over and developed..	1
Over the years a sound stud of homogenous brood mares has developed.	Over is the reason of developed..	0
The batteries are kept in a phone.	There is no causality between The and phone..	1
The batteries are kept in a phone.	The is the reason of phone..	0
The government has been dumping huge amount of money into the devastated economy.	There is no causality between The and economy..	1
The government has been dumping huge amount of money into the devastated economy.	The is the reason of economy..	0
Plus the drink machine was out so my drink was in a can and they had no ice as well.	There is no causality between Plus and well..	1
Plus the drink machine was out so my drink was in a can and they had no ice as well.	Plus is the reason of well..	0
I found the secret passages inside the Monastery.	There is no causality between I and Monastery..	1
I found the secret passages inside the Monastery.	I is the reason of Monastery..	0
He also pointed out that on the Sabbath the priests broke the commandment with priestly work.	There is no causality between He and work..	1
He also pointed out that on the Sabbath the priests broke the commandment with priestly work.	He is the reason of work..	0
The 9/11 planes directly flew into the computer rooms.	There is no causality between The and rooms..	1
The 9/11 planes directly flew into the computer rooms.	The is the reason of rooms..	0
The acid was in a bottle but that the cap was knocked off when trash was thrown into the dumpster.	There is no causality between The and dumpster..	1
The acid was in a bottle but that the cap was knocked off when trash was thrown into the dumpster.	The is the reason of dumpster..	0
But, Lord King, he has with him a meinie of full forty knights.	There is no causality between But, and knights..	1
But, Lord King, he has with him a meinie of full forty knights.	But, is the reason of knights..	0
On the other side of the grape crusher the stems poured out into trays.	There is no causality between On and trays..	1
On the other side of the grape crusher the stems poured out into trays.	On is the reason of trays..	0
A humidifier keeps the greenhouse between 47 and 58 percent humidity.	There is no causality between A and humidity..	1
A humidifier keeps the greenhouse between 47 and 58 percent humidity.	A is the reason of humidity..	0
The balance of the loot was in a box in the garage.	There is no causality between The and garage..	1
The balance of the loot was in a box in the garage.	The is the reason of garage..	0
So it was that in 1724 at the age of 17 a somewhat awkward, refined young man took his place at the mess of officers much older, wiser, and harder than he.	There is no causality between So and he..	1
So it was that in 1724 at the age of 17 a somewhat awkward, refined young man took his place at the mess of officers much older, wiser, and harder than he.	So is the reason of he..	0
Warm weather is here, and with it comes the scourge of mosquitoes.	There is no causality between Warm and mosquitoes..	1
Warm weather is here, and with it comes the scourge of mosquitoes.	Warm is the reason of mosquitoes..	0
Metals were released into the environment.	There is no causality between Metals and environment..	1
Metals were released into the environment.	Metals is the reason of environment..	0
A Psi-Comp implant hardwire has been put into the human brain.	There is no causality between A and brain..	1
A Psi-Comp implant hardwire has been put into the human brain.	A is the reason of brain..	0
The demonstrators composed the figure 420, representing the number of people still being held at the US prison in Cuba.	There is no causality between The and Cuba..	1
The demonstrators composed the figure 420, representing the number of people still being held at the US prison in Cuba.	The is the reason of Cuba..	0
Her husband copes well with his handicap in using a wooden leg.	There is no causality between Her and leg..	1
Her husband copes well with his handicap in using a wooden leg.	Her is the reason of leg..	0
Demand for palm oil, a vegetable oil present in many of the goods we buy, is contributing to the destruction of the world's most precious rainforest.	There is no causality between Demand and rainforest..	1
Demand for palm oil, a vegetable oil present in many of the goods we buy, is contributing to the destruction of the world's most precious rainforest.	Demand is the reason of rainforest..	0
This notification declares the names of plants, plant pests or carriers that are considered to be prohibited.	There is no causality between This and prohibited..	1
This notification declares the names of plants, plant pests or carriers that are considered to be prohibited.	This is the reason of prohibited..	0
The jury's deliberations were reported weekly on air.	There is no causality between The and air..	1
The jury's deliberations were reported weekly on air.	The is the reason of air..	0
A warehouse user with limited authority cannot crate the required bufferpool.	There is no causality between A and bufferpool..	1
A warehouse user with limited authority cannot crate the required bufferpool.	A is the reason of bufferpool..	0
He stuffed chips into his mouth and watched his cousin-in-law shrewdly.	There is no causality between He and shrewdly..	1
He stuffed chips into his mouth and watched his cousin-in-law shrewdly.	He is the reason of shrewdly..	0
David and I have the same "vision" for our kennel of dogs and share the same philosophy in what we want our Labradors to represent.	There is no causality between David and represent..	1
David and I have the same "vision" for our kennel of dogs and share the same philosophy in what we want our Labradors to represent.	David is the reason of represent..	0
This website sets out both sides of the argument.	There is no causality between This and argument..	1
This website sets out both sides of the argument.	This is the reason of argument..	0
The mummified cat was found in a live trap with an empty dish.	There is no causality between The and dish..	1
The mummified cat was found in a live trap with an empty dish.	The is the reason of dish..	0
In the presence of Cuba's favorite son, Estrada Palma, who is to enjoy the honor of being the first chief executive of this republic.	There is no causality between In and republic..	1
In the presence of Cuba's favorite son, Estrada Palma, who is to enjoy the honor of being the first chief executive of this republic.	In is the reason of republic..	0
New emails arrive into my mail box every 1 min; this includes a lot of spam.	There is no causality between New and spam..	1
New emails arrive into my mail box every 1 min; this includes a lot of spam.	New is the reason of spam..	0
An explosive charge was discovered inside a bag at the entrance to the Shalom theater in Moscow.	There is no causality between An and Moscow..	1
An explosive charge was discovered inside a bag at the entrance to the Shalom theater in Moscow.	An is the reason of Moscow..	0
The disruption has been caused by the freak storms and flash floods overnight.	flash floods lead to The disruption	1
The disruption has been caused by the freak storms and flash floods overnight.	The disruption lead to flash floods	0
The regiment is composed of ten battalions of 400 heavy infantry and 50 light infantry each plus an extra unit of 1000 pikemen and 500 extra light infantry.	There is no causality between The and infantry..	1
The regiment is composed of ten battalions of 400 heavy infantry and 50 light infantry each plus an extra unit of 1000 pikemen and 500 extra light infantry.	The is the reason of infantry..	0
Overpopulation and poverty cause tension not only within communities and countries, but throughout the world.	poverty instigated by tension	1
Overpopulation and poverty cause tension not only within communities and countries, but throughout the world.	tension instigated by poverty	0
So I was looking at the ceiling in my kitchen yelling at God.	There is no causality between So and God..	1
So I was looking at the ceiling in my kitchen yelling at God.	So is the reason of God..	0
The metro line begins at an underground station in St. Stephen's Green in the city centre.	There is no causality between The and centre..	1
The metro line begins at an underground station in St. Stephen's Green in the city centre.	The is the reason of centre..	0
This item is already shipped to the customer.	There is no causality between This and customer..	1
This item is already shipped to the customer.	This is the reason of customer..	0
Roadside attractions are frequently advertised with billboards to attract tourists.	There is no causality between Roadside and tourists..	1
Roadside attractions are frequently advertised with billboards to attract tourists.	Roadside is the reason of tourists..	0
He hold the body of the plane loosely between two fingers with the nose of the plane pointing toward the floor.	There is no causality between He and floor..	1
He hold the body of the plane loosely between two fingers with the nose of the plane pointing toward the floor.	He is the reason of floor..	0
Overcome with hunger, the fox tore into the carcass with a fury, sending feathers scattering every which way.	There is no causality between Overcome and way..	1
Overcome with hunger, the fox tore into the carcass with a fury, sending feathers scattering every which way.	Overcome is the reason of way..	0
I will leave it up to Wes to tell you about the mask of raccoons we encountered on the trip.	There is no causality between I and trip..	1
I will leave it up to Wes to tell you about the mask of raccoons we encountered on the trip.	I is the reason of trip..	0
His speech criticised the idea of religious education as a journey around the various religions.	There is no causality between His and religions..	1
His speech criticised the idea of religious education as a journey around the various religions.	His is the reason of religions..	0
Fog or smoke cause irritation to those with respiratory sensitivity.	smoke cause irritation	1
Fog or smoke cause irritation to those with respiratory sensitivity.	irritation cause smoke	0
We use newspaper advertising primarily to inform customers about new selections available.	There is no causality between We and available..	1
We use newspaper advertising primarily to inform customers about new selections available.	We is the reason of available..	0
So when William did cross the Boyne on July 1st 1690, he had an army consisting of the riffraff of Europe's mercenaries.	There is no causality between So and mercenaries..	1
So when William did cross the Boyne on July 1st 1690, he had an army consisting of the riffraff of Europe's mercenaries.	So is the reason of mercenaries..	0
When a murder of crows and a tittering of magpies get into a turf war over Susie Wu's eucalyptus, the real winner is Susie's cat, Mittens.	There is no causality between When and Mittens..	1
When a murder of crows and a tittering of magpies get into a turf war over Susie Wu's eucalyptus, the real winner is Susie's cat, Mittens.	When is the reason of Mittens..	0
The fridge was inside a mahogany case.	There is no causality between The and case..	1
The fridge was inside a mahogany case.	The is the reason of case..	0
Vestigial organs are parts of the body that once had a function but are now more-or-less useless.	There is no causality between Vestigial and useless..	1
Vestigial organs are parts of the body that once had a function but are now more-or-less useless.	Vestigial is the reason of useless..	0
These latter reports were subjected to intensive examination.	There is no causality between These and examination..	1
These latter reports were subjected to intensive examination.	These is the reason of examination..	0
He poured water into a cookie pan, put the mold into the pan, and froze the two together.	There is no causality between He and together..	1
He poured water into a cookie pan, put the mold into the pan, and froze the two together.	He is the reason of together..	0
Instead, the architect measures 'The Sage' with a flexible strip of metal.	There is no causality between Instead, and metal..	1
Instead, the architect measures 'The Sage' with a flexible strip of metal.	Instead, is the reason of metal..	0
The carrier polymers are migrating into the target organs.	There is no causality between The and organs..	1
The carrier polymers are migrating into the target organs.	The is the reason of organs..	0
The reciter stirs the water with a double-edged sword, a Khanda, which he holds in his right hand.	There is no causality between The and hand..	1
The reciter stirs the water with a double-edged sword, a Khanda, which he holds in his right hand.	The is the reason of hand..	0
The second bodily privacy paper relates to violation of a person's bodily integrity.	There is no causality between The and integrity..	1
The second bodily privacy paper relates to violation of a person's bodily integrity.	The is the reason of integrity..	0
The interesting problem with this is that the Oatmeal was in a bowl and the milk was in a cup.	There is no causality between The and cup..	1
The interesting problem with this is that the Oatmeal was in a bowl and the milk was in a cup.	The is the reason of cup..	0
A drug smuggler tried to secret more than 2 pounds of hashish into the country inside a wooden chessboard.	There is no causality between A and chessboard..	1
A drug smuggler tried to secret more than 2 pounds of hashish into the country inside a wooden chessboard.	A is the reason of chessboard..	0
Millions of dollars are poured into research for the innermost recesses of the atom.	There is no causality between Millions and atom..	1
Millions of dollars are poured into research for the innermost recesses of the atom.	Millions is the reason of atom..	0
His efforts have been invested into this main objective.	There is no causality between His and objective..	1
His efforts have been invested into this main objective.	His is the reason of objective..	0
The newer lesser-known attraction that the kibbutz offers is a reconstructed oil press whose beginnings can be traced to the early 20th century in Jaffa.	There is no causality between The and Jaffa..	1
The newer lesser-known attraction that the kibbutz offers is a reconstructed oil press whose beginnings can be traced to the early 20th century in Jaffa.	The is the reason of Jaffa..	0
The neighbor, who owns a raisin factory, wanted the property to expand his business.	There is no causality between The and business..	1
The neighbor, who owns a raisin factory, wanted the property to expand his business.	The is the reason of business..	0
Each independent variable is moving into its axis constantly.	There is no causality between Each and constantly..	1
Each independent variable is moving into its axis constantly.	Each is the reason of constantly..	0
This is a short film with 12 minutes duration on the life of a live statue - a mimo - on the streets of Florence, Italy.	There is no causality between This and Italy..	1
This is a short film with 12 minutes duration on the life of a live statue - a mimo - on the streets of Florence, Italy.	This is the reason of Italy..	0
Bangladesh has urged India to do away with visas for travel between the two neighbours to boost trade.	There is no causality between Bangladesh and trade..	1
Bangladesh has urged India to do away with visas for travel between the two neighbours to boost trade.	Bangladesh is the reason of trade..	0
The items are handed over into our trust.	There is no causality between The and trust..	1
The items are handed over into our trust.	The is the reason of trust..	0
The Vice President for Development is responsible to the president of the university for planning, coordinating and managing the gift procurement programs of the University.	There is no causality between The and University..	1
The Vice President for Development is responsible to the president of the university for planning, coordinating and managing the gift procurement programs of the University.	The is the reason of University..	0
Try a Google search for the motherboard manufacturer and exact model if the information is not listed above.	There is no causality between Try and above..	1
Try a Google search for the motherboard manufacturer and exact model if the information is not listed above.	Try is the reason of above..	0
They have dumped chemicals into the local river.	There is no causality between They and river..	1
They have dumped chemicals into the local river.	They is the reason of river..	0
For 15 years, NASA's shuttles have journeyed into space.	There is no causality between For and space..	1
For 15 years, NASA's shuttles have journeyed into space.	For is the reason of space..	0
Two other teens ran into snags.	There is no causality between Two and snags..	1
Two other teens ran into snags.	Two is the reason of snags..	0
The Unofficial Charles Portis website aims to be a virtual cornucopia of book reviews and biographical pieces related to its namesake.	There is no causality between The and namesake..	1
The Unofficial Charles Portis website aims to be a virtual cornucopia of book reviews and biographical pieces related to its namesake.	The is the reason of namesake..	0
Ironically, the damage caused by the floods, and the subsequent insurance payout, were what prompted the restoration of the station building.	the subsequent insurance payout caused by the restoration	1
Ironically, the damage caused by the floods, and the subsequent insurance payout, were what prompted the restoration of the station building.	the restoration caused by the subsequent insurance payout	0
The key to Thirteen's return to form is having Danny Ocean  and his merry ratpack of expert thieves and con men reteam in Las Vegas, site of their original big score in Eleven.	There is no causality between The and Eleven..	1
The key to Thirteen's return to form is having Danny Ocean  and his merry ratpack of expert thieves and con men reteam in Las Vegas, site of their original big score in Eleven.	The is the reason of Eleven..	0
The weather resulted in several deaths and hundreds of accidents.	The weather was radiating from accidents	1
The weather resulted in several deaths and hundreds of accidents.	accidents was radiating from The weather	0
The egg was pushed into the bottle.	There is no causality between The and bottle..	1
The egg was pushed into the bottle.	The is the reason of bottle..	0
God, I'm glad that car had seat belts.	There is no causality between God, and belts..	1
God, I'm glad that car had seat belts.	God, is the reason of belts..	0
His efforts were documented in the diaries of his sister Katherine.	There is no causality between His and Katherine..	1
His efforts were documented in the diaries of his sister Katherine.	His is the reason of Katherine..	0
Hundreds of toxic chemicals were released into the atmosphere.	There is no causality between Hundreds and atmosphere..	1
Hundreds of toxic chemicals were released into the atmosphere.	Hundreds is the reason of atmosphere..	0
Simultaneously the 5-inch battery fired a broadside of star shells for illumination.	There is no causality between Simultaneously and illumination..	1
Simultaneously the 5-inch battery fired a broadside of star shells for illumination.	Simultaneously is the reason of illumination..	0
The sheets are concerned with aspects of speaking the language.	There is no causality between The and language..	1
The sheets are concerned with aspects of speaking the language.	The is the reason of language..	0
This is the best book for programmers needing algorithms not theory.	There is no causality between This and theory..	1
This is the best book for programmers needing algorithms not theory.	This is the reason of theory..	0
A brief discussion of the rice market is presented in the appendix.	There is no causality between A and appendix..	1
A brief discussion of the rice market is presented in the appendix.	A is the reason of appendix..	0
The statute applied to the six dominions which existed in 1931.	There is no causality between The and 1931..	1
The statute applied to the six dominions which existed in 1931.	The is the reason of 1931..	0
The European Ombudsman, P. Nikiforos Diamandouros, has asked the European Commission to correct an administrative error concerning fishing quotas in the West of Scotland.	There is no causality between The and Scotland..	1
The European Ombudsman, P. Nikiforos Diamandouros, has asked the European Commission to correct an administrative error concerning fishing quotas in the West of Scotland.	The is the reason of Scotland..	0
My friend puts tea in a thermos to take to work.	There is no causality between My and work..	1
My friend puts tea in a thermos to take to work.	My is the reason of work..	0
This statement threw people into chaos.	There is no causality between This and chaos..	1
This statement threw people into chaos.	This is the reason of chaos..	0
Cutler ended up with a bleeding stomach ulcer caused by the stress and hard work supervising their tours twenty-four hours a day.	hard work caused by a bleeding stomach ulcer	1
Cutler ended up with a bleeding stomach ulcer caused by the stress and hard work supervising their tours twenty-four hours a day.	a bleeding stomach ulcer caused by hard work	0
This theme has been covered in science fiction like Star Trek.	There is no causality between This and Trek..	1
This theme has been covered in science fiction like Star Trek.	This is the reason of Trek..	0
Paralysis or convulsions are caused by hormone deficiencies and imbalances.	hormone deficiencies and imbalances caused by convulsions	1
Paralysis or convulsions are caused by hormone deficiencies and imbalances.	convulsions caused by hormone deficiencies and imbalances	0
In economic terms, the ecological catastrophe caused by the Prestige oil spill is comparable with that caused by the Exxon Valdez.	the Exxon Valdez cause the ecological catastrophe	1
In economic terms, the ecological catastrophe caused by the Prestige oil spill is comparable with that caused by the Exxon Valdez.	the ecological catastrophe cause the Exxon Valdez	0
Use outdoor where sunlight and glare cause eye strain and fatigue.	glare caused by eye strain and fatigue	1
Use outdoor where sunlight and glare cause eye strain and fatigue.	eye strain and fatigue caused by glare	0
A qualified medical professional uses a variety of diagnostic tests.	There is no causality between A and tests..	1
A qualified medical professional uses a variety of diagnostic tests.	A is the reason of tests..	0
The cough syrup was in a bottle on a shelf in the kitchen.	There is no causality between The and kitchen..	1
The cough syrup was in a bottle on a shelf in the kitchen.	The is the reason of kitchen..	0
The bottle carrier converts your bottle into a canteen.	There is no causality between The and canteen..	1
The bottle carrier converts your bottle into a canteen.	The is the reason of canteen..	0
A polypropylene net, attached to the bottom of the fluidized bed section, acted as a flow distributor and a support for the static bed of oysters.	There is no causality between A and oysters..	1
A polypropylene net, attached to the bottom of the fluidized bed section, acted as a flow distributor and a support for the static bed of oysters.	A is the reason of oysters..	0
The GAA's Central Council passed a number of motions regarding discipline at a special meeting on Saturday.	There is no causality between The and Saturday..	1
The GAA's Central Council passed a number of motions regarding discipline at a special meeting on Saturday.	The is the reason of Saturday..	0
In the run-up to this match, a new war of words has erupted on the internet in yet another twist to the long-simmering saga.	There is no causality between In and saga..	1
In the run-up to this match, a new war of words has erupted on the internet in yet another twist to the long-simmering saga.	In is the reason of saga..	0
Those models were chain driven and the mechanism was enclosed in a very visible oil bath.	There is no causality between Those and bath..	1
Those models were chain driven and the mechanism was enclosed in a very visible oil bath.	Those is the reason of bath..	0
We had a flour bin, I poured flour into the well, and I stirred it with the bucket.	There is no causality between We and bucket..	1
We had a flour bin, I poured flour into the well, and I stirred it with the bucket.	We is the reason of bucket..	0
William Durand' book on the clergy and their vestments was the topic of the discussion.	There is no causality between William and discussion..	1
William Durand' book on the clergy and their vestments was the topic of the discussion.	William is the reason of discussion..	0
The servant who carves removes the fat with a spoon.	There is no causality between The and spoon..	1
The servant who carves removes the fat with a spoon.	The is the reason of spoon..	0
Several authors have inserted implants into bone that have been subject to higher radiation doses.	There is no causality between Several and doses..	1
Several authors have inserted implants into bone that have been subject to higher radiation doses.	Several is the reason of doses..	0
Once outside, the python was placed in a bag, which was put inside a dog crate.	There is no causality between Once and crate..	1
Once outside, the python was placed in a bag, which was put inside a dog crate.	Once is the reason of crate..	0
Two prices arrived to the hotel.	There is no causality between Two and hotel..	1
Two prices arrived to the hotel.	Two is the reason of hotel..	0
Hoover is also notable for an extremely unusual vacuum cleaner, the Hoover Constellation, which is canister type but lacks wheels.	There is no causality between Hoover and wheels..	1
Hoover is also notable for an extremely unusual vacuum cleaner, the Hoover Constellation, which is canister type but lacks wheels.	Hoover is the reason of wheels..	0
The officer threw a prisoner into a cell.	There is no causality between The and cell..	1
The officer threw a prisoner into a cell.	The is the reason of cell..	0
The efficiency of the body of teachers, taken as a whole, during the past seven years has at no time been better than it was during the past year.	There is no causality between The and year..	1
The efficiency of the body of teachers, taken as a whole, during the past seven years has at no time been better than it was during the past year.	The is the reason of year..	0
My equipment was built in another country.	There is no causality between My and country..	1
My equipment was built in another country.	My is the reason of country..	0
At the moment heavy snow showers are running into the Northeastern regions of England.	There is no causality between At and England..	1
At the moment heavy snow showers are running into the Northeastern regions of England.	At is the reason of England..	0
The "underdog" prize is awarded to the driver who wins the race with a car in the lowest PI of the field.	There is no causality between The and field..	1
The "underdog" prize is awarded to the driver who wins the race with a car in the lowest PI of the field.	The is the reason of field..	0
Even travel agents are turning to telepresence for clients.	There is no causality between Even and clients..	1
Even travel agents are turning to telepresence for clients.	Even is the reason of clients..	0
Liver plays key role in how steroids cause diabetes and hypertension.	steroids instigated by hypertension	1
Liver plays key role in how steroids cause diabetes and hypertension.	hypertension instigated by steroids	0
A blood clot is a normal reaction of the body that occurs if a blood vessel is injured.	There is no causality between A and injured..	1
A blood clot is a normal reaction of the body that occurs if a blood vessel is injured.	A is the reason of injured..	0
The man fell into a pit.	There is no causality between The and pit..	1
The man fell into a pit.	The is the reason of pit..	0
Anybody who has a peep of chickens has an opportunity for some interesting observations and great omelet material.	There is no causality between Anybody and material..	1
Anybody who has a peep of chickens has an opportunity for some interesting observations and great omelet material.	Anybody is the reason of material..	0
For other useful ideas on how to use e-texts to aide literary analysis the girls read Robert Harris's "The personal computer as a tool for student literary analysis".	There is no causality between For and analysis"..	1
For other useful ideas on how to use e-texts to aide literary analysis the girls read Robert Harris's "The personal computer as a tool for student literary analysis".	For is the reason of analysis"..	0
Contemporary criticism commented on the weaknesses of the opera's characters and the storyline.	There is no causality between Contemporary and storyline..	1
Contemporary criticism commented on the weaknesses of the opera's characters and the storyline.	Contemporary is the reason of storyline..	0
The meeting was postponed to a later date.	There is no causality between The and date..	1
The meeting was postponed to a later date.	The is the reason of date..	0
LC repair is a special welding system that employs a high power YaG laser beam.	There is no causality between LC and beam..	1
LC repair is a special welding system that employs a high power YaG laser beam.	LC is the reason of beam..	0
It shows a female doctor with a veil standing beside a female patient in bed, also wearing the veil.	There is no causality between It and veil..	1
It shows a female doctor with a veil standing beside a female patient in bed, also wearing the veil.	It is the reason of veil..	0
The debris caused a crash on the Schuylkill, and it has been closed for hours because of the mishap.	the mishap lead to closed	1
The debris caused a crash on the Schuylkill, and it has been closed for hours because of the mishap.	closed lead to the mishap	0
Francisco Garcia Lorca sees the horse carrying the rider, against his will, to his death.	There is no causality between Francisco and death..	1
Francisco Garcia Lorca sees the horse carrying the rider, against his will, to his death.	Francisco is the reason of death..	0
This weekly economic publication analyzes and interprets financial, commercial and industrial developments.	There is no causality between This and developments..	1
This weekly economic publication analyzes and interprets financial, commercial and industrial developments.	This is the reason of developments..	0
The only escape I had now was in a bottle.	There is no causality between The and bottle..	1
The only escape I had now was in a bottle.	The is the reason of bottle..	0
The vascular dilatation was caused by the sympathetic and the course of vaso-motor nerves.	the course cause The vascular dilatation	1
The vascular dilatation was caused by the sympathetic and the course of vaso-motor nerves.	The vascular dilatation cause the course	0
An unidentified substance was found in a letter.	There is no causality between An and letter..	1
An unidentified substance was found in a letter.	An is the reason of letter..	0
These subjects were thoroughly investigated at the conference during the three seminars each of high specialist content.	There is no causality between These and content..	1
These subjects were thoroughly investigated at the conference during the three seminars each of high specialist content.	These is the reason of content..	0
Colds and flu cause inflammation of the mucous membranes of the nose, throat and mouth.	flu instigated by inflammation	1
Colds and flu cause inflammation of the mucous membranes of the nose, throat and mouth.	inflammation instigated by flu	0
Douglas was giving a speech addressing the harmful practices of the Army Corps of Engineers.	There is no causality between Douglas and Engineers..	1
Douglas was giving a speech addressing the harmful practices of the Army Corps of Engineers.	Douglas is the reason of Engineers..	0
Villagers in the Netherlands are glad to have a mustering of stork visit them.	There is no causality between Villagers and them..	1
Villagers in the Netherlands are glad to have a mustering of stork visit them.	Villagers is the reason of them..	0
The politicians have taken people deep into the twilight zone.	There is no causality between The and zone..	1
The politicians have taken people deep into the twilight zone.	The is the reason of zone..	0
The top half of the network belongs to the engine of the refrigerator.	There is no causality between The and refrigerator..	1
The top half of the network belongs to the engine of the refrigerator.	The is the reason of refrigerator..	0
Some accounts detail the routine and perfunctory nature of arrest and proceedings against the riffraff of the "criminal classes" .	There is no causality between Some and ..	1
Some accounts detail the routine and perfunctory nature of arrest and proceedings against the riffraff of the "criminal classes" .	Some is the reason of ..	0
The beach was empty except for a charm of yellow finches.	There is no causality between The and finches..	1
The beach was empty except for a charm of yellow finches.	The is the reason of finches..	0
Just like in Oyo State, Obasanjo sired a clique of renegades, who believe that the State treasury is their birthright.	There is no causality between Just and birthright..	1
Just like in Oyo State, Obasanjo sired a clique of renegades, who believe that the State treasury is their birthright.	Just is the reason of birthright..	0
Our country is resolving the war and poverty caused by the previous administration.	the previous administration instigated by poverty	1
Our country is resolving the war and poverty caused by the previous administration.	poverty instigated by the previous administration	0
Yogurt soup is a popular comfort dish both in Turkey and Central Asia.	There is no causality between Yogurt and Asia..	1
Yogurt soup is a popular comfort dish both in Turkey and Central Asia.	Yogurt is the reason of Asia..	0
The elderly found it hard to cope with the high heat-humidity, which often causes nausea and dizziness from exhaustion and dehydration.	dehydration instigated by dizziness	1
The elderly found it hard to cope with the high heat-humidity, which often causes nausea and dizziness from exhaustion and dehydration.	dizziness instigated by dehydration	0
Before the barber takes his scissors out, family, friends and rabbis take turns snipping.	There is no causality between Before and snipping..	1
Before the barber takes his scissors out, family, friends and rabbis take turns snipping.	Before is the reason of snipping..	0
He likewise directed Edric to fling out his nets, who was rewarded with a miraculous draught of salmons.	There is no causality between He and salmons..	1
He likewise directed Edric to fling out his nets, who was rewarded with a miraculous draught of salmons.	He is the reason of salmons..	0
The normal prostate is composed of glands and stroma.	There is no causality between The and stroma..	1
The normal prostate is composed of glands and stroma.	The is the reason of stroma..	0
The government's new measures to regulate cosmetic surgery procedures are a good move.	There is no causality between The and move..	1
The government's new measures to regulate cosmetic surgery procedures are a good move.	The is the reason of move..	0
Just 18 months ago, the New York Times Magazine ran a cover story depicting progressive bloggers as a band of unkempt outsiders.	There is no causality between Just and outsiders..	1
Just 18 months ago, the New York Times Magazine ran a cover story depicting progressive bloggers as a band of unkempt outsiders.	Just is the reason of outsiders..	0
New Western customs moved into the traditional Asian culture.	There is no causality between New and culture..	1
New Western customs moved into the traditional Asian culture.	New is the reason of culture..	0
Louise is a director, audit chair and finance committee member of a public health board, and was a director of AFAANZ for 3 years.	There is no causality between Louise and years..	1
Louise is a director, audit chair and finance committee member of a public health board, and was a director of AFAANZ for 3 years.	Louise is the reason of years..	0
The drone strike that resulted in the death of Pakistan's most wanted terrorist is believed to be a result of deliberately planted false intelligence, sources in South Waziristan have confirmed.	deliberately planted false intelligence caused by The drone strike	1
The drone strike that resulted in the death of Pakistan's most wanted terrorist is believed to be a result of deliberately planted false intelligence, sources in South Waziristan have confirmed.	The drone strike caused by deliberately planted false intelligence	0
Males had their urethra and urachus ligated with a fine silastic tubing.	There is no causality between Males and tubing..	1
Males had their urethra and urachus ligated with a fine silastic tubing.	Males is the reason of tubing..	0
He moves people into climate action.	There is no causality between He and action..	1
He moves people into climate action.	He is the reason of action..	0
The reaction mixture is kept in the dark at room temperature for 1 1/2 hours.	There is no causality between The and hours..	1
The reaction mixture is kept in the dark at room temperature for 1 1/2 hours.	The is the reason of hours..	0
Fog, rain, darkness, and or blowing snow lead to disorientation.	blowing snow lead to disorientation	1
Fog, rain, darkness, and or blowing snow lead to disorientation.	disorientation lead to blowing snow	0
Cold sores or fever blisters are caused by the herpes simplex virus and are usually relatively easy to identify.	the herpes simplex virus instigated by fever blisters	1
Cold sores or fever blisters are caused by the herpes simplex virus and are usually relatively easy to identify.	fever blisters instigated by the herpes simplex virus	0
Our company converts waste plastics into crude oil.	There is no causality between Our and oil..	1
Our company converts waste plastics into crude oil.	Our is the reason of oil..	0
This stolen property was in a trunk which was locked, and was in her room.	There is no causality between This and room..	1
This stolen property was in a trunk which was locked, and was in her room.	This is the reason of room..	0
As the servants put the inflatable corgis in a bag for the Balmoral jumble sale, the Queen will be settling down this morning for a nice cup of tea and a quiet rest during The Archers, known to be one of her radio favourites.	There is no causality between As and favourites..	1
As the servants put the inflatable corgis in a bag for the Balmoral jumble sale, the Queen will be settling down this morning for a nice cup of tea and a quiet rest during The Archers, known to be one of her radio favourites.	As is the reason of favourites..	0
Our powered scissors effortlessly cut fabrics, gift wrap, vinyl and much more.	There is no causality between Our and more..	1
Our powered scissors effortlessly cut fabrics, gift wrap, vinyl and much more.	Our is the reason of more..	0
The kitchen holds little clues about how we tried to reinvent the past.	There is no causality between The and past..	1
The kitchen holds little clues about how we tried to reinvent the past.	The is the reason of past..	0
Negotiations between the European Community and Greenland on a fourth protocol concerning the implementation of the agreement, were concluded at 13 September 2000.	There is no causality between Negotiations and 2000..	1
Negotiations between the European Community and Greenland on a fourth protocol concerning the implementation of the agreement, were concluded at 13 September 2000.	Negotiations is the reason of 2000..	0
The new software is shipped to the major distributors.	There is no causality between The and distributors..	1
The new software is shipped to the major distributors.	The is the reason of distributors..	0
A portion of the ethernet cable 's outer insulation is in the connector as well.	There is no causality between A and well..	1
A portion of the ethernet cable 's outer insulation is in the connector as well.	A is the reason of well..	0
Philip Larkin's poem "At Grass" employs his sensitive poetic technique to reflect on a field of aged racehorses, and on the practice of poetry.	There is no causality between Philip and poetry..	1
Philip Larkin's poem "At Grass" employs his sensitive poetic technique to reflect on a field of aged racehorses, and on the practice of poetry.	Philip is the reason of poetry..	0
We have poured cement into 3 inch forms.	There is no causality between We and forms..	1
We have poured cement into 3 inch forms.	We is the reason of forms..	0
Tom's prominient selection of various rye spirits wins him kudos today.	There is no causality between Tom's and today..	1
Tom's prominient selection of various rye spirits wins him kudos today.	Tom's is the reason of today..	0
It is inherently no less silly to see a king in a pear  than to see a pear in a rabbit, a rabbit in a carafe, a carafe in a clock, and so on and so forth.	There is no causality between It and forth..	1
It is inherently no less silly to see a king in a pear  than to see a pear in a rabbit, a rabbit in a carafe, a carafe in a clock, and so on and so forth.	It is the reason of forth..	0
He created and advocated "flower power,"a strategy in which antiwar demonstrators promoted positive values like peace and love to dramatize their opposition to the destruction and death caused by the war in Vietnam.	the war instigated by death	1
He created and advocated "flower power,"a strategy in which antiwar demonstrators promoted positive values like peace and love to dramatize their opposition to the destruction and death caused by the war in Vietnam.	death instigated by the war	0
Givers gain moral strength and happiness from giving.	giving cause happiness	1
Givers gain moral strength and happiness from giving.	happiness cause giving	0
This paralyzed him so much that when trying to lay back on the bed, he fell on his back and hit his head on the bed post.	There is no causality between This and post..	1
This paralyzed him so much that when trying to lay back on the bed, he fell on his back and hit his head on the bed post.	This is the reason of post..	0
The bird was put in a fish tank, and a tube was run into the tank.	There is no causality between The and tank..	1
The bird was put in a fish tank, and a tube was run into the tank.	The is the reason of tank..	0
The box holds three stiff cardboard tubes, each wrapped in now decaying cellophane.	There is no causality between The and cellophane..	1
The box holds three stiff cardboard tubes, each wrapped in now decaying cellophane.	The is the reason of cellophane..	0
Bone is built up of many cell types and so far we have only investigated human osteoblasts.	There is no causality between Bone and osteoblasts..	1
Bone is built up of many cell types and so far we have only investigated human osteoblasts.	Bone is the reason of osteoblasts..	0
The missis won the lottery with a ticket she didn't tell you about.	There is no causality between The and about..	1
The missis won the lottery with a ticket she didn't tell you about.	The is the reason of about..	0
No material was prepared for the sessions, so the three musicians improvised an album's worth of material.	There is no causality between No and material..	1
No material was prepared for the sessions, so the three musicians improvised an album's worth of material.	No is the reason of material..	0
A locksmith copies and repairs car keys for modern vehicles at a lower cost.	There is no causality between A and cost..	1
A locksmith copies and repairs car keys for modern vehicles at a lower cost.	A is the reason of cost..	0
There is in fact a socialist party in America and there are real socialists.	There is no causality between There and socialists..	1
There is in fact a socialist party in America and there are real socialists.	There is the reason of socialists..	0
He was the muster-spirit of that glorious pleiad of warriors and sailors who at that epoch used to swarm the Indian seas.	There is no causality between He and seas..	1
He was the muster-spirit of that glorious pleiad of warriors and sailors who at that epoch used to swarm the Indian seas.	He is the reason of seas..	0
The car kit has a GPS receiver built in that is better than the iPhone's.	There is no causality between The and iPhone's..	1
The car kit has a GPS receiver built in that is better than the iPhone's.	The is the reason of iPhone's..	0
The skydiving scene was the best part of the movie.	There is no causality between The and movie..	1
The skydiving scene was the best part of the movie.	The is the reason of movie..	0
Here, in exclusive interview clips, he talked about his career and what he thought of today's television.	There is no causality between Here, and television..	1
Here, in exclusive interview clips, he talked about his career and what he thought of today's television.	Here, is the reason of television..	0
This page is a guide to the floating world of cyberspace.	There is no causality between This and cyberspace..	1
This page is a guide to the floating world of cyberspace.	This is the reason of cyberspace..	0
The exhibition profit was donated to a cancer research center.	There is no causality between The and center..	1
The exhibition profit was donated to a cancer research center.	The is the reason of center..	0
Doctors have inserted GHG mitigation into the prescriptions.	There is no causality between Doctors and prescriptions..	1
Doctors have inserted GHG mitigation into the prescriptions.	Doctors is the reason of prescriptions..	0
Active transport is a mechanism evolved to mediate traffic across cellular membranes.	There is no causality between Active and membranes..	1
Active transport is a mechanism evolved to mediate traffic across cellular membranes.	Active is the reason of membranes..	0
More weapons are being delivered to the French navy.	There is no causality between More and navy..	1
More weapons are being delivered to the French navy.	More is the reason of navy..	0
A data warehouse is a place where data is stored for archival purposes.	There is no causality between A and purposes..	1
A data warehouse is a place where data is stored for archival purposes.	A is the reason of purposes..	0
This comprehensive book discusses both the human and the natural history of the islands of California.	There is no causality between This and California..	1
This comprehensive book discusses both the human and the natural history of the islands of California.	This is the reason of California..	0
Two hours later, I had a bottle full of warm water.	There is no causality between Two and water..	1
Two hours later, I had a bottle full of warm water.	Two is the reason of water..	0
The whole company migrated into the country side.	There is no causality between The and side..	1
The whole company migrated into the country side.	The is the reason of side..	0
Most deaths from the accident were caused by radiation poisoning.	radiation poisoning cause Most deaths	1
Most deaths from the accident were caused by radiation poisoning.	Most deaths cause radiation poisoning	0
The widespread opinion that protein and phosphorus cause calcium loss is examined.	phosphorus cause calcium loss	1
The widespread opinion that protein and phosphorus cause calcium loss is examined.	calcium loss cause phosphorus	0
And one third of the bench of aldermen is exclusively composed of men, which explains the on average lower share of female aldermen than female local councillors.	There is no causality between And and councillors..	1
And one third of the bench of aldermen is exclusively composed of men, which explains the on average lower share of female aldermen than female local councillors.	And is the reason of councillors..	0
A staysail schooner has no foresail, but instead carries a main staysail between the masts in addition to the fore staysail ahead of the foremast.	There is no causality between A and foremast..	1
A staysail schooner has no foresail, but instead carries a main staysail between the masts in addition to the fore staysail ahead of the foremast.	A is the reason of foremast..	0
Still segregated in World War I, the U.S. Army was reluctant to use its 93d division of black soldiers in combat and instead assigned the division's three National Guard and one draftee regiments to the French Army.	There is no causality between Still and Army..	1
Still segregated in World War I, the U.S. Army was reluctant to use its 93d division of black soldiers in combat and instead assigned the division's three National Guard and one draftee regiments to the French Army.	Still is the reason of Army..	0
Many simple DC power supplies regulate the voltage using a shunt regulator such as a zener diode.	There is no causality between Many and diode..	1
Many simple DC power supplies regulate the voltage using a shunt regulator such as a zener diode.	Many is the reason of diode..	0
A great wing of fluorite dragons, the greatest concentration of the rather solitary dragons ever known, joined the desperate battle with the blues and silvers against Chaos.	There is no causality between A and Chaos..	1
A great wing of fluorite dragons, the greatest concentration of the rather solitary dragons ever known, joined the desperate battle with the blues and silvers against Chaos.	A is the reason of Chaos..	0
Winter is here, and the little fir tree stands lonely in the forest.	There is no causality between Winter and forest..	1
Winter is here, and the little fir tree stands lonely in the forest.	Winter is the reason of forest..	0
Three years ago the coalition organized a strategic cooperative of several farmers associations to export mangos under the Taiwan Mango brand.	There is no causality between Three and brand..	1
Three years ago the coalition organized a strategic cooperative of several farmers associations to export mangos under the Taiwan Mango brand.	Three is the reason of brand..	0
The school of fish mentioned in the title poem of this book live at the bottom of the sea, but are somehow addicted to light.	There is no causality between The and light..	1
The school of fish mentioned in the title poem of this book live at the bottom of the sea, but are somehow addicted to light.	The is the reason of light..	0
The grandstand completes the concourse around the ground, and it will increase seating capacity to where it should be.	There is no causality between The and be..	1
The grandstand completes the concourse around the ground, and it will increase seating capacity to where it should be.	The is the reason of be..	0
Each year, many infants and toddlers die due to suffocation from breathing small objects into their breathing passages and lungs.	breathing small objects instigated by suffocation	1
Each year, many infants and toddlers die due to suffocation from breathing small objects into their breathing passages and lungs.	suffocation instigated by breathing small objects	0
Narcotic goods have been imported into several states in Australia.	There is no causality between Narcotic and Australia..	1
Narcotic goods have been imported into several states in Australia.	Narcotic is the reason of Australia..	0
Pneumococcal meningitis is caused by pneumococcus bacteria, which also cause several diseases of the respiratory system, including pneumonia.	pneumococcus bacteria because several diseases	1
Pneumococcal meningitis is caused by pneumococcus bacteria, which also cause several diseases of the respiratory system, including pneumonia.	several diseases because pneumococcus bacteria	0
This includes those rules governing transfers, academic eligibility, age requirements, and the number of consecutive seasons of athletic eligibility beyond grade eight.	There is no causality between This and eight..	1
This includes those rules governing transfers, academic eligibility, age requirements, and the number of consecutive seasons of athletic eligibility beyond grade eight.	This is the reason of eight..	0
The insurance cost has been added into the shipping price.	There is no causality between The and price..	1
The insurance cost has been added into the shipping price.	The is the reason of price..	0
A happy resident feels part of their association.	There is no causality between A and association..	1
A happy resident feels part of their association.	A is the reason of association..	0
The water is running into the overflow pipe.	There is no causality between The and pipe..	1
The water is running into the overflow pipe.	The is the reason of pipe..	0
The club consists of 902 condominium homes each with a unique golf course or lake view.	There is no causality between The and view..	1
The club consists of 902 condominium homes each with a unique golf course or lake view.	The is the reason of view..	0
It's a file cabinet in Washington with an IOU in it.	There is no causality between It's and it..	1
It's a file cabinet in Washington with an IOU in it.	It's is the reason of it..	0
The president used the pretext of national security.	There is no causality between The and security..	1
The president used the pretext of national security.	The is the reason of security..	0
Out of the early morning haze, a convoy of articulated lorries pulls into the Gashouder square.	There is no causality between Out and square..	1
Out of the early morning haze, a convoy of articulated lorries pulls into the Gashouder square.	Out is the reason of square..	0
The kennels of hounds and mews of hawks were a form of conspicuous consumption that only a noble could afford as so mark his status.	There is no causality between The and status..	1
The kennels of hounds and mews of hawks were a form of conspicuous consumption that only a noble could afford as so mark his status.	The is the reason of status..	0
The murder has dragged the victim into the water.	There is no causality between The and water..	1
The murder has dragged the victim into the water.	The is the reason of water..	0
The door locks with a sliding bar hidden in the carved piece across the center of the door.	There is no causality between The and door..	1
The door locks with a sliding bar hidden in the carved piece across the center of the door.	The is the reason of door..	0
Zinc is essential for growth and cell division.	Zinc cause cell division	1
Zinc is essential for growth and cell division.	cell division cause Zinc	0
The average soldier joins your army for the pay, and if you cannot pay him he will walk away and go back to get a job as a farmer or laborer.	There is no causality between The and laborer..	1
The average soldier joins your army for the pay, and if you cannot pay him he will walk away and go back to get a job as a farmer or laborer.	The is the reason of laborer..	0
In the Western Province the starch is stored in woven palm leaf bundles.	There is no causality between In and bundles..	1
In the Western Province the starch is stored in woven palm leaf bundles.	In is the reason of bundles..	0
The steam caused a backpressure on the VTD, resulting in the rupture disc opening.	a backpressure caused by the rupture disc opening	1
The steam caused a backpressure on the VTD, resulting in the rupture disc opening.	the rupture disc opening caused by a backpressure	0
He put the posts in chronological order.	There is no causality between He and order..	1
He put the posts in chronological order.	He is the reason of order..	0
The record was a sheet of paper stored in a file cabinet or an image on microform.	There is no causality between The and microform..	1
The record was a sheet of paper stored in a file cabinet or an image on microform.	The is the reason of microform..	0
Peg bags are the medium sized bags that hang in the candy isle of the store.	There is no causality between Peg and store..	1
Peg bags are the medium sized bags that hang in the candy isle of the store.	Peg is the reason of store..	0
MDI implants were placed into the jawbone.	There is no causality between MDI and jawbone..	1
MDI implants were placed into the jawbone.	MDI is the reason of jawbone..	0
We dissolved the contents of one packet in a carafe of water and ran the brew cycle.	There is no causality between We and cycle..	1
We dissolved the contents of one packet in a carafe of water and ran the brew cycle.	We is the reason of cycle..	0
The nice thing about the title of the first book was that as soon as you saw the the cover, or even read the title, you knew immediately about the blog without having to read a review or a "to get more info" blurb.	There is no causality between The and blurb..	1
The nice thing about the title of the first book was that as soon as you saw the the cover, or even read the title, you knew immediately about the blog without having to read a review or a "to get more info" blurb.	The is the reason of blurb..	0
Our microwave has a turn-able turntable inside and dial-able knobs outside.	There is no causality between Our and outside..	1
Our microwave has a turn-able turntable inside and dial-able knobs outside.	Our is the reason of outside..	0
DOJ released a probe into Siegelman prosecution.	There is no causality between DOJ and prosecution..	1
DOJ released a probe into Siegelman prosecution.	DOJ is the reason of prosecution..	0
Menopause and PMS cause stress and anxiety even without imbalanced hormones.	PMS cause anxiety	1
Menopause and PMS cause stress and anxiety even without imbalanced hormones.	anxiety cause PMS	0
It is best to use bold flavors in herb butter.	There is no causality between It and butter..	1
It is best to use bold flavors in herb butter.	It is the reason of butter..	0
Franken's uncle, who was in the Russian army, liberated Auschwitz with Barry's uncle.	There is no causality between Franken's and uncle..	1
Franken's uncle, who was in the Russian army, liberated Auschwitz with Barry's uncle.	Franken's is the reason of uncle..	0
One drift of the sheep was marked with a red cross, and the other drift with a black patch.	There is no causality between One and patch..	1
One drift of the sheep was marked with a red cross, and the other drift with a black patch.	One is the reason of patch..	0
Cuba is already a customer and now the state development bank, BNDES, plans to finance the export of ethanol knowhow to Africa, where the hopes of countries such as Ghana are pinned on the jatropha plant.	There is no causality between Cuba and plant..	1
Cuba is already a customer and now the state development bank, BNDES, plans to finance the export of ethanol knowhow to Africa, where the hopes of countries such as Ghana are pinned on the jatropha plant.	Cuba is the reason of plant..	0
The violence in Indonesia's Aceh province has been discussed at talks in Jakarta between President Wahid and the visiting Malaysian prime minister, Mahathir Mohamad.	There is no causality between The and Mohamad..	1
The violence in Indonesia's Aceh province has been discussed at talks in Jakarta between President Wahid and the visiting Malaysian prime minister, Mahathir Mohamad.	The is the reason of Mohamad..	0
The wrathful goddess turned her into a crane and proclaimed that her bird descendants should wage eternal war on the Pygmy folk.	There is no causality between The and folk..	1
The wrathful goddess turned her into a crane and proclaimed that her bird descendants should wage eternal war on the Pygmy folk.	The is the reason of folk..	0
A signal was sent to the process.	There is no causality between A and process..	1
A signal was sent to the process.	A is the reason of process..	0
This is the site deep inside the earth where fault movement begin.	There is no causality between This and begin..	1
This is the site deep inside the earth where fault movement begin.	This is the reason of begin..	0
On the floor of the passenger side, they found a plastic bag with marijuana inside.	There is no causality between On and inside..	1
On the floor of the passenger side, they found a plastic bag with marijuana inside.	On is the reason of inside..	0
The ice cores were shipped to clean labs for examination.	There is no causality between The and examination..	1
The ice cores were shipped to clean labs for examination.	The is the reason of examination..	0
Asparagus is a natural cure for cancer.	There is no causality between Asparagus and cancer..	1
Asparagus is a natural cure for cancer.	Asparagus is the reason of cancer..	0
Germs are microscopic organisms that cause sickness or disease.	Germs instigated by disease	1
Germs are microscopic organisms that cause sickness or disease.	disease instigated by Germs	0
The exhibit features the winning designs in both the professional and student categories, as well as other outstanding entries.	There is no causality between The and entries..	1
The exhibit features the winning designs in both the professional and student categories, as well as other outstanding entries.	The is the reason of entries..	0
The decedent had left the nursery supply company's main yard earlier in the day.	There is no causality between The and day..	1
The decedent had left the nursery supply company's main yard earlier in the day.	The is the reason of day..	0
A question was raised in regard to the public announcement of the names of the three finalists.	There is no causality between A and finalists..	1
A question was raised in regard to the public announcement of the names of the three finalists.	A is the reason of finalists..	0
There were setbacks and technical problems that ensued from the location design, flooding, and moisture that plagued the winery and bumped up the investment cost beyond the initial budgetary estimates.	moisture cause technical problems	1
There were setbacks and technical problems that ensued from the location design, flooding, and moisture that plagued the winery and bumped up the investment cost beyond the initial budgetary estimates.	technical problems cause moisture	0
An article has been prepared on patient self testing of oral anticoagulation.	There is no causality between An and anticoagulation..	1
An article has been prepared on patient self testing of oral anticoagulation.	An is the reason of anticoagulation..	0
Investment flows into emerging markets.	There is no causality between Investment and markets..	1
Investment flows into emerging markets.	Investment is the reason of markets..	0
The NRMA's president, Wendy Machin, and the chief executive, Tony Stuart, were among members of the party which viewed the concert in a private box.	There is no causality between The and box..	1
The NRMA's president, Wendy Machin, and the chief executive, Tony Stuart, were among members of the party which viewed the concert in a private box.	The is the reason of box..	0
In a large oval crock pot I've had some hams that can fit in whole.	There is no causality between In and whole..	1
In a large oval crock pot I've had some hams that can fit in whole.	In is the reason of whole..	0
Most women use a portable pump for this purpose.	There is no causality between Most and purpose..	1
Most women use a portable pump for this purpose.	Most is the reason of purpose..	0
The key matches the private key that the sender used to encrypt it.	There is no causality between The and it..	1
The key matches the private key that the sender used to encrypt it.	The is the reason of it..	0
A songwriter is someone who writes the lyrics, as well as the musical composition or melody to songs.	There is no causality between A and songs..	1
A songwriter is someone who writes the lyrics, as well as the musical composition or melody to songs.	A is the reason of songs..	0
The latter course explained the biological phenomena in a mathematical way.	There is no causality between The and way..	1
The latter course explained the biological phenomena in a mathematical way.	The is the reason of way..	0
The pillow of Western nations is a cushion of linen or other material, stuffed with feathers, down, hair or wool.	There is no causality between The and wool..	1
The pillow of Western nations is a cushion of linen or other material, stuffed with feathers, down, hair or wool.	The is the reason of wool..	0
A western regiment was behind it, a regiment of hunters and marksmen.	There is no causality between A and marksmen..	1
A western regiment was behind it, a regiment of hunters and marksmen.	A is the reason of marksmen..	0
The lower house was composed of elected representatives.	There is no causality between The and representatives..	1
The lower house was composed of elected representatives.	The is the reason of representatives..	0
The corporate regulator has been dragged into undertaker's inquiry.	There is no causality between The and inquiry..	1
The corporate regulator has been dragged into undertaker's inquiry.	The is the reason of inquiry..	0
The remaining articles run the gamut of sociological research.	There is no causality between The and research..	1
The remaining articles run the gamut of sociological research.	The is the reason of research..	0
This time the lobster was full of its superb flavor, which suffused even into the buttered corn.	There is no causality between This and corn..	1
This time the lobster was full of its superb flavor, which suffused even into the buttered corn.	This is the reason of corn..	0
The money was locked in a safe on the premises, but it was on a timelock and would not have opened until 9am.	There is no causality between The and 9am..	1
The money was locked in a safe on the premises, but it was on a timelock and would not have opened until 9am.	The is the reason of 9am..	0
The Commission is accepting comments regarding the program's adherence to the Accreditation Standards.	There is no causality between The and Standards..	1
The Commission is accepting comments regarding the program's adherence to the Accreditation Standards.	The is the reason of Standards..	0
Options that are core components of the plan include: a benefit period, an elimination period, a maximum benefit percentage of salary and a maximum weekly benefit.	There is no causality between Options and benefit..	1
Options that are core components of the plan include: a benefit period, an elimination period, a maximum benefit percentage of salary and a maximum weekly benefit.	Options is the reason of benefit..	0
My wife mistakenly poured water into the valve cover of her 1999 Sebring when it began overheating.	There is no causality between My and overheating..	1
My wife mistakenly poured water into the valve cover of her 1999 Sebring when it began overheating.	My is the reason of overheating..	0
National Geographic videos include several tapes dealing with a shrewdness of apes that dwells in Zaire.	There is no causality between National and Zaire..	1
National Geographic videos include several tapes dealing with a shrewdness of apes that dwells in Zaire.	National is the reason of Zaire..	0
Those who staged the coup appointed a civilian prime minister and a cabinet of civilian technocrats.	There is no causality between Those and technocrats..	1
Those who staged the coup appointed a civilian prime minister and a cabinet of civilian technocrats.	Those is the reason of technocrats..	0
Thermocerin is a powerful fat burner that works with a combination of natural herbs such as White and Green Tea, Capsaicin, and Caffeine.	There is no causality between Thermocerin and Caffeine..	1
Thermocerin is a powerful fat burner that works with a combination of natural herbs such as White and Green Tea, Capsaicin, and Caffeine.	Thermocerin is the reason of Caffeine..	0
The grenade was found inside a sock Sunday morning.	There is no causality between The and morning..	1
The grenade was found inside a sock Sunday morning.	The is the reason of morning..	0
The remainder of the breast is composed of connective tissue , adipose tissue , and Cooper's ligaments.	There is no causality between The and ligaments..	1
The remainder of the breast is composed of connective tissue , adipose tissue , and Cooper's ligaments.	The is the reason of ligaments..	0
The parable related the rewards for those who invested successfully and the punishment for those who did not.	There is no causality between The and not..	1
The parable related the rewards for those who invested successfully and the punishment for those who did not.	The is the reason of not..	0
The polluted water has been poured into a local river.	There is no causality between The and river..	1
The polluted water has been poured into a local river.	The is the reason of river..	0
Data shows that public concern about the economy has moved into the top five issues facing the country.	There is no causality between Data and country..	1
Data shows that public concern about the economy has moved into the top five issues facing the country.	Data is the reason of country..	0
You noticed the three numbers at the bottom of a fertilizer package.	There is no causality between You and package..	1
You noticed the three numbers at the bottom of a fertilizer package.	You is the reason of package..	0
The toy was inside a box and had been left on the minivan.	There is no causality between The and minivan..	1
The toy was inside a box and had been left on the minivan.	The is the reason of minivan..	0
The furnace thermostat is the nerve center of your home heating system.	There is no causality between The and system..	1
The furnace thermostat is the nerve center of your home heating system.	The is the reason of system..	0
Goatfish use a pair of large chin barbels to probe the sea bottom to detect buried prey.	There is no causality between Goatfish and prey..	1
Goatfish use a pair of large chin barbels to probe the sea bottom to detect buried prey.	Goatfish is the reason of prey..	0
Both novels tackle with political questions in a direct manner.	There is no causality between Both and manner..	1
Both novels tackle with political questions in a direct manner.	Both is the reason of manner..	0
Paul the novelist has a computer but uses his old Smith Corona manual.	There is no causality between Paul and manual..	1
Paul the novelist has a computer but uses his old Smith Corona manual.	Paul is the reason of manual..	0
But the discomfort caused by the ointment and the duration of treatment often result in non-compliance.	the duration because non-compliance	1
But the discomfort caused by the ointment and the duration of treatment often result in non-compliance.	non-compliance because the duration	0
They shop there for a huge selection of furniture and table legs, carved and turned furniture legs and feet, wood turnings and more.	There is no causality between They and more..	1
They shop there for a huge selection of furniture and table legs, carved and turned furniture legs and feet, wood turnings and more.	They is the reason of more..	0
The president of this corporation was one of its stockholders.	There is no causality between The and stockholders..	1
The president of this corporation was one of its stockholders.	The is the reason of stockholders..	0
Tissue damage and electrode corrosion are both associatcd with high charge density stimulation.	There is no causality between Tissue and stimulation..	1
Tissue damage and electrode corrosion are both associatcd with high charge density stimulation.	Tissue is the reason of stimulation..	0
The progenitor cells migrated into the tumor.	There is no causality between The and tumor..	1
The progenitor cells migrated into the tumor.	The is the reason of tumor..	0
The origin of berserkers is unknown, although Tacitus mentions groups of Germanic warriors with berserk-like fury.	There is no causality between The and fury..	1
The origin of berserkers is unknown, although Tacitus mentions groups of Germanic warriors with berserk-like fury.	The is the reason of fury..	0
Oak root and chamomile provide a gentle astringent that helps reduce inflammation and calms skin irritation from the sun and environmental pollutants.	environmental pollutants because skin irritation	1
Oak root and chamomile provide a gentle astringent that helps reduce inflammation and calms skin irritation from the sun and environmental pollutants.	skin irritation because environmental pollutants	0
Dartmouth nearly narrowed the gap to one goal when a slapshot popped out of the glove of Princeton goalie Zane Kalemba '10.	There is no causality between Dartmouth and '10..	1
Dartmouth nearly narrowed the gap to one goal when a slapshot popped out of the glove of Princeton goalie Zane Kalemba '10.	Dartmouth is the reason of '10..	0
This year's Nobel Laureates in Physiology or Medicine made the remarkable and unexpected discovery that inflammation in the stomach  as well as ulceration of the stomach or duodenum  is the result of an infection of the stomach caused by the bacterium Helicobacter pylori.	the bacterium Helicobacter pylori caused by an infection	1
This year's Nobel Laureates in Physiology or Medicine made the remarkable and unexpected discovery that inflammation in the stomach  as well as ulceration of the stomach or duodenum  is the result of an infection of the stomach caused by the bacterium Helicobacter pylori.	an infection caused by the bacterium Helicobacter pylori	0
The farmers and city officials in the region have tried to get state money to move the farmers market into a first-class operation and tourist attraction.	There is no causality between The and attraction..	1
The farmers and city officials in the region have tried to get state money to move the farmers market into a first-class operation and tourist attraction.	The is the reason of attraction..	0
Once outside, the python was placed in a bag, which was put inside a dog crate.	There is no causality between Once and crate..	1
Once outside, the python was placed in a bag, which was put inside a dog crate.	Once is the reason of crate..	0
This classic Huffman photograph pictures the cow hands on their way to set up camp with their remuda of geldings trailing behind.	There is no causality between This and behind..	1
This classic Huffman photograph pictures the cow hands on their way to set up camp with their remuda of geldings trailing behind.	This is the reason of behind..	0
Climate Hackers dumped iron into the ocean.	There is no causality between Climate and ocean..	1
Climate Hackers dumped iron into the ocean.	Climate is the reason of ocean..	0
The skeleton was discovered inside a Neolithic-age tomb unearthed in Yumuktepe Hoyuk of the southern Mersin province.	There is no causality between The and province..	1
The skeleton was discovered inside a Neolithic-age tomb unearthed in Yumuktepe Hoyuk of the southern Mersin province.	The is the reason of province..	0
In "Prologue," the youthful scientist splits open a hailstone with a violin string, the only sharp edge available.	There is no causality between In and available..	1
In "Prologue," the youthful scientist splits open a hailstone with a violin string, the only sharp edge available.	In is the reason of available..	0
Seven tears have flown into the river.	There is no causality between Seven and river..	1
Seven tears have flown into the river.	Seven is the reason of river..	0
The 08 campaign green jobs was the main talking point of any speech.	There is no causality between The and speech..	1
The 08 campaign green jobs was the main talking point of any speech.	The is the reason of speech..	0
The expressive colour, contrasting with the blackness of an apocalyptic sky, the chiaroscuro that accentuates the insubstantial limbs, and the desert landscape and pile of excrement dominating the scene express Miro's profound pessimism.	There is no causality between The and pessimism..	1
The expressive colour, contrasting with the blackness of an apocalyptic sky, the chiaroscuro that accentuates the insubstantial limbs, and the desert landscape and pile of excrement dominating the scene express Miro's profound pessimism.	The is the reason of pessimism..	0
Every municipality in Ontario is a member of the corporation.	There is no causality between Every and corporation..	1
Every municipality in Ontario is a member of the corporation.	Every is the reason of corporation..	0
When Frances was 13, she read an article about a woman who escaped an unhappy marriage and went to Kenya.	There is no causality between When and Kenya..	1
When Frances was 13, she read an article about a woman who escaped an unhappy marriage and went to Kenya.	When is the reason of Kenya..	0
NUS today responded to the Government's announcement of the long-awaited review of university funding.	There is no causality between NUS and funding..	1
NUS today responded to the Government's announcement of the long-awaited review of university funding.	NUS is the reason of funding..	0
Tidal is a major departure for Cisco, a switch and router company that in the last year has been on an acquisition binge buying a number of Web 2.0 application firms.	There is no causality between Tidal and firms..	1
Tidal is a major departure for Cisco, a switch and router company that in the last year has been on an acquisition binge buying a number of Web 2.0 application firms.	Tidal is the reason of firms..	0
The director, Robert Connolly, who co-wrote the script with David Williamson, assembles the pieces with great methodical logic.	There is no causality between The and logic..	1
The director, Robert Connolly, who co-wrote the script with David Williamson, assembles the pieces with great methodical logic.	The is the reason of logic..	0
He encourages students to read beyond the mandatory texts in order to prepare for his exam.	There is no causality between He and exam..	1
He encourages students to read beyond the mandatory texts in order to prepare for his exam.	He is the reason of exam..	0
Cruisers and large yachts have much more sophisticated fittings that that require more skills.	There is no causality between Cruisers and skills..	1
Cruisers and large yachts have much more sophisticated fittings that that require more skills.	Cruisers is the reason of skills..	0
Well my husband was still in the shower and the remote was in the desk in the back room.	There is no causality between Well and room..	1
Well my husband was still in the shower and the remote was in the desk in the back room.	Well is the reason of room..	0
A child is an individual with personal oppinions, feelings and needs, just as adults are, that is what the convention of children's rights says.	There is no causality between A and says..	1
A child is an individual with personal oppinions, feelings and needs, just as adults are, that is what the convention of children's rights says.	A is the reason of says..	0
The elevator operator is a meditation on the simultaneous power and futility of hope.	There is no causality between The and hope..	1
The elevator operator is a meditation on the simultaneous power and futility of hope.	The is the reason of hope..	0
The painting was one of the first used as a poster in an advertising campaign for soap powder.	There is no causality between The and powder..	1
The painting was one of the first used as a poster in an advertising campaign for soap powder.	The is the reason of powder..	0
Also in the programme we consider the subject of happiness.	There is no causality between Also and happiness..	1
Also in the programme we consider the subject of happiness.	Also is the reason of happiness..	0
The RCMP released its report this week on the death of Robert Dziekanski.	There is no causality between The and Dziekanski..	1
The RCMP released its report this week on the death of Robert Dziekanski.	The is the reason of Dziekanski..	0
Scarcely had we reached the edge of the wood when Turk darted past us, barking furiously at a troop of monkeys, who were gambolling on the turf.	There is no causality between Scarcely and turf..	1
Scarcely had we reached the edge of the wood when Turk darted past us, barking furiously at a troop of monkeys, who were gambolling on the turf.	Scarcely is the reason of turf..	0
We store the cards in a matching box.	There is no causality between We and box..	1
We store the cards in a matching box.	We is the reason of box..	0
The lure is a treat that is held in the owners hand, and the ferret lifts its paw to try to get to the treat.	There is no causality between The and treat..	1
The lure is a treat that is held in the owners hand, and the ferret lifts its paw to try to get to the treat.	The is the reason of treat..	0
Like a battalion of medieval archers, these plasma cells let fly their antibodies, which travel to their targets on the outer surface of harmful bacteria.	There is no causality between Like and bacteria..	1
Like a battalion of medieval archers, these plasma cells let fly their antibodies, which travel to their targets on the outer surface of harmful bacteria.	Like is the reason of bacteria..	0
In many countries, the national association is a federation of various Scout associations.	There is no causality between In and associations..	1
In many countries, the national association is a federation of various Scout associations.	In is the reason of associations..	0
Japanese commuters look at a clock inside a Tokyo train station.	There is no causality between Japanese and station..	1
Japanese commuters look at a clock inside a Tokyo train station.	Japanese is the reason of station..	0
To prepare for his exam, the student visited the ISA website.	There is no causality between To and website..	1
To prepare for his exam, the student visited the ISA website.	To is the reason of website..	0
Someone has blown soot into my face.	There is no causality between Someone and face..	1
Someone has blown soot into my face.	Someone is the reason of face..	0
A human finger was found in a can of menudo soup.	There is no causality between A and soup..	1
A human finger was found in a can of menudo soup.	A is the reason of soup..	0
Narrative identity takes part in the story's movement, in the dialectic between order and disorder.	There is no causality between Narrative and disorder..	1
Narrative identity takes part in the story's movement, in the dialectic between order and disorder.	Narrative is the reason of disorder..	0
The news that the stock-index futures have been approved stimulated Wednesday's market.	There is no causality between The and market..	1
The news that the stock-index futures have been approved stimulated Wednesday's market.	The is the reason of market..	0
My hand was resting on the arm of the chair.	There is no causality between My and chair..	1
My hand was resting on the arm of the chair.	My is the reason of chair..	0
Within minutes of last night's terrorist attacks in Mumbai in India, blogs and social networks were buzzing with news, photos and eyewitness accounts.	There is no causality between Within and accounts..	1
Within minutes of last night's terrorist attacks in Mumbai in India, blogs and social networks were buzzing with news, photos and eyewitness accounts.	Within is the reason of accounts..	0
But Pradyumna did not die, even when he was digested in the belly of the fish.	There is no causality between But and fish..	1
But Pradyumna did not die, even when he was digested in the belly of the fish.	But is the reason of fish..	0
The first five-day workshop introduced tools for identifying and exploiting market opportunities.	There is no causality between The and opportunities..	1
The first five-day workshop introduced tools for identifying and exploiting market opportunities.	The is the reason of opportunities..	0
On returning home, the patient's grandmother applied a poultice to the child's ankle overnight with the aim of reducing pain and inflammation.	There is no causality between On and inflammation..	1
On returning home, the patient's grandmother applied a poultice to the child's ankle overnight with the aim of reducing pain and inflammation.	On is the reason of inflammation..	0
The study found that people who took the combination of cholinesterase inhibitors  and Memantine, showed a significantly slower rate of cognitve decline than those who took only a cholinesterase inhibitor or no drug.	There is no causality between The and drug..	1
The study found that people who took the combination of cholinesterase inhibitors  and Memantine, showed a significantly slower rate of cognitve decline than those who took only a cholinesterase inhibitor or no drug.	The is the reason of drug..	0
The site has a lounge of dedicated lizards who vote out anyone with whom they do not agree.	There is no causality between The and agree..	1
The site has a lounge of dedicated lizards who vote out anyone with whom they do not agree.	The is the reason of agree..	0
He posted his gifts to a military base in Middle East Asia.	There is no causality between He and Asia..	1
He posted his gifts to a military base in Middle East Asia.	He is the reason of Asia..	0
That box was in a chest that had been locked since at least the early 1800s.	There is no causality between That and 1800s..	1
That box was in a chest that had been locked since at least the early 1800s.	That is the reason of 1800s..	0
The north side of the street accommodated a gas station on the corner.	There is no causality between The and corner..	1
The north side of the street accommodated a gas station on the corner.	The is the reason of corner..	0
The rest of the world has stuffed communism into the dustbin of history.	There is no causality between The and history..	1
The rest of the world has stuffed communism into the dustbin of history.	The is the reason of history..	0
Generally it appears that most of the damage was caused by the winds and the rough seas.	the rough seas cause the damage	1
Generally it appears that most of the damage was caused by the winds and the rough seas.	the damage cause the rough seas	0
The infant was born in a condition of shock and died in ten minutes.	There is no causality between The and minutes..	1
The infant was born in a condition of shock and died in ten minutes.	The is the reason of minutes..	0
Aware of the suffering caused by exploitation, social injustice, stealing, and oppression, I am committed to cultivate loving kindness and learn ways to work for the well-being of people, animals, plants, and minerals.	oppression instigated by the suffering	1
Aware of the suffering caused by exploitation, social injustice, stealing, and oppression, I am committed to cultivate loving kindness and learn ways to work for the well-being of people, animals, plants, and minerals.	the suffering instigated by oppression	0
The album was stored in a protective poly jacket and the vinyl was stored in an anti-static sleeve.	There is no causality between The and sleeve..	1
The album was stored in a protective poly jacket and the vinyl was stored in an anti-static sleeve.	The is the reason of sleeve..	0
The protein migrated into the nuclei.	There is no causality between The and nuclei..	1
The protein migrated into the nuclei.	The is the reason of nuclei..	0
On 8 February 1992, Ulysses reached Jupiter for the gravity-assist manoeuvre that placed the spacecraft in a polar orbit.	There is no causality between On and orbit..	1
On 8 February 1992, Ulysses reached Jupiter for the gravity-assist manoeuvre that placed the spacecraft in a polar orbit.	On is the reason of orbit..	0
Heavy-gauge flatware is composed of polished stainless steel for good heft and balance.	There is no causality between Heavy-gauge and balance..	1
Heavy-gauge flatware is composed of polished stainless steel for good heft and balance.	Heavy-gauge is the reason of balance..	0
While most of the experimental literature focuses on individual contributions, many real-world problems involve the formation of coalitions.	There is no causality between While and coalitions..	1
While most of the experimental literature focuses on individual contributions, many real-world problems involve the formation of coalitions.	While is the reason of coalitions..	0
On boats with only one jib, it is common for the clew of the jib to be further aft than the mast, meaning the jib and mainsail overlap.	There is no causality between On and overlap..	1
On boats with only one jib, it is common for the clew of the jib to be further aft than the mast, meaning the jib and mainsail overlap.	On is the reason of overlap..	0
Questions on various aspects of the study were raised and discussed.	There is no causality between Questions and discussed..	1
Questions on various aspects of the study were raised and discussed.	Questions is the reason of discussed..	0
The theme is centered around urban street vision, with a philosophical future edge.	There is no causality between The and edge..	1
The theme is centered around urban street vision, with a philosophical future edge.	The is the reason of edge..	0
The paragraph states that the number of rules is finite.	There is no causality between The and finite..	1
The paragraph states that the number of rules is finite.	The is the reason of finite..	0
The first fighter wing of these planes is already in service.	There is no causality between The and service..	1
The first fighter wing of these planes is already in service.	The is the reason of service..	0
The other contents of the suitcase included gym shoes, dirty sweat socks, Limburger cheese, scented oils, and a severely poop stained Armani suit.	There is no causality between The and suit..	1
The other contents of the suitcase included gym shoes, dirty sweat socks, Limburger cheese, scented oils, and a severely poop stained Armani suit.	The is the reason of suit..	0
200 IT jobs are going into schools in Victoria.	There is no causality between 200 and Victoria..	1
200 IT jobs are going into schools in Victoria.	200 is the reason of Victoria..	0
We have poured billions into airline safety.	There is no causality between We and safety..	1
We have poured billions into airline safety.	We is the reason of safety..	0
White souffle of clouds were strolling along the sky.	There is no causality between White and sky..	1
White souffle of clouds were strolling along the sky.	White is the reason of sky..	0
A mechanic attaches a socket wrench to a bolt.	There is no causality between A and bolt..	1
A mechanic attaches a socket wrench to a bolt.	A is the reason of bolt..	0
The volunteers enjoy a sense of satisfaction and personal fulfillment from helping others, and recent findings suggest that this feeling may well be a major reason why many people choose to volunteer.	helping others cause personal fulfillment	1
The volunteers enjoy a sense of satisfaction and personal fulfillment from helping others, and recent findings suggest that this feeling may well be a major reason why many people choose to volunteer.	personal fulfillment cause helping others	0
The final chapter offers a theological survey of the use of the formula.	There is no causality between The and formula..	1
The final chapter offers a theological survey of the use of the formula.	The is the reason of formula..	0
With these axioms, the judges cultivated the principles of judgment, and those principles could be used in gauging the restrictions on freedom that were justified or unjustified, in any domain of the law.	There is no causality between With and law..	1
With these axioms, the judges cultivated the principles of judgment, and those principles could be used in gauging the restrictions on freedom that were justified or unjustified, in any domain of the law.	With is the reason of law..	0
Major car manufacturers are launching more and more cars to attain the top position in this jungle of automotives.	There is no causality between Major and automotives..	1
Major car manufacturers are launching more and more cars to attain the top position in this jungle of automotives.	Major is the reason of automotives..	0
The loan program is running into insurmountable difficulties.	There is no causality between The and difficulties..	1
The loan program is running into insurmountable difficulties.	The is the reason of difficulties..	0
Their ancestors reached the island using bamboo rafts.	There is no causality between Their and rafts..	1
Their ancestors reached the island using bamboo rafts.	Their is the reason of rafts..	0
Finally, Slone's fear of AIDS and the mental distress she suffered from this fear were caused by the needle stab.	the needle stab caused by the mental distress	1
Finally, Slone's fear of AIDS and the mental distress she suffered from this fear were caused by the needle stab.	the mental distress caused by the needle stab	0
The possible implications were indicated in the first publication.	There is no causality between The and publication..	1
The possible implications were indicated in the first publication.	The is the reason of publication..	0
Hunt clubs often maintain a cry of hounds, trained to hunt foxes.	There is no causality between Hunt and foxes..	1
Hunt clubs often maintain a cry of hounds, trained to hunt foxes.	Hunt is the reason of foxes..	0
A huddle of photographers was waiting outside the courtroom.	There is no causality between A and courtroom..	1
A huddle of photographers was waiting outside the courtroom.	A is the reason of courtroom..	0
The children, seated on their mother's laps, played with toys on a table in front of a picture with holes in it.	There is no causality between The and it..	1
The children, seated on their mother's laps, played with toys on a table in front of a picture with holes in it.	The is the reason of it..	0
I had a nest of garter snakes in the crack between the sidewalk and foundation last year.	There is no causality between I and year..	1
I had a nest of garter snakes in the crack between the sidewalk and foundation last year.	I is the reason of year..	0
A trend has been caused by the growing absolute numbers of young people on the planet, and by the rising unemployment rate.	the rising unemployment rate caused by A trend	1
A trend has been caused by the growing absolute numbers of young people on the planet, and by the rising unemployment rate.	A trend caused by the rising unemployment rate	0
The patient is kept in the hospital one night for observation.	There is no causality between The and observation..	1
The patient is kept in the hospital one night for observation.	The is the reason of observation..	0
In 1965, a farmer dug up the lower jawbone of a mammoth while in the process of expanding his cellar.	There is no causality between In and cellar..	1
In 1965, a farmer dug up the lower jawbone of a mammoth while in the process of expanding his cellar.	In is the reason of cellar..	0
Spamming has been the subject of legislation in many jurisdictions.	There is no causality between Spamming and jurisdictions..	1
Spamming has been the subject of legislation in many jurisdictions.	Spamming is the reason of jurisdictions..	0
The group has thrown together a neat prototype device that could possibly be the future of casinos.	There is no causality between The and casinos..	1
The group has thrown together a neat prototype device that could possibly be the future of casinos.	The is the reason of casinos..	0
The report looks at past and future of booming population of senior citizens.	There is no causality between The and citizens..	1
The report looks at past and future of booming population of senior citizens.	The is the reason of citizens..	0
When Guang Yang worked in a textile factory in her hometown of Beijing, she would sing to pass the time.	There is no causality between When and time..	1
When Guang Yang worked in a textile factory in her hometown of Beijing, she would sing to pass the time.	When is the reason of time..	0
Xiehouyu is a Chinese proverb consisting of two parts.	There is no causality between Xiehouyu and parts..	1
Xiehouyu is a Chinese proverb consisting of two parts.	Xiehouyu is the reason of parts..	0
The essential information is found in the second sentence.	There is no causality between The and sentence..	1
The essential information is found in the second sentence.	The is the reason of sentence..	0
Some animal viruses have migrated into humans.	There is no causality between Some and humans..	1
Some animal viruses have migrated into humans.	Some is the reason of humans..	0
But just think, sadness leads to fear then fear leads to anger.	fear instigated by anger	1
But just think, sadness leads to fear then fear leads to anger.	anger instigated by fear	0
The cockpit accommodated a crew of three, including pilot, radar operator, and sensor operator.	There is no causality between The and operator..	1
The cockpit accommodated a crew of three, including pilot, radar operator, and sensor operator.	The is the reason of operator..	0
Part of the task which the authors set themselves is the delineation and validation of the idea that a subculture of violence exists.	There is no causality between Part and exists..	1
Part of the task which the authors set themselves is the delineation and validation of the idea that a subculture of violence exists.	Part is the reason of exists..	0
The team put up an advertisement to fill 225 posts, we received over 6500 applications.	There is no causality between The and applications..	1
The team put up an advertisement to fill 225 posts, we received over 6500 applications.	The is the reason of applications..	0
Eighty-four percent of the complications resulted in patient deaths, while 16 percent resulted in a serious injury.	the complications caused by a serious injury	1
Eighty-four percent of the complications resulted in patient deaths, while 16 percent resulted in a serious injury.	a serious injury caused by the complications	0
The Boyd Group is a British based, independent think tank considering issues relating to animal testing.	There is no causality between The and testing..	1
The Boyd Group is a British based, independent think tank considering issues relating to animal testing.	The is the reason of testing..	0
Researchers have turned a mouse into a factory for human liver cells.	There is no causality between Researchers and cells..	1
Researchers have turned a mouse into a factory for human liver cells.	Researchers is the reason of cells..	0
The report is about the regular road user and the law.	There is no causality between The and law..	1
The report is about the regular road user and the law.	The is the reason of law..	0
The governments sent scientists to the desert for surveying climate changes.	There is no causality between The and changes..	1
The governments sent scientists to the desert for surveying climate changes.	The is the reason of changes..	0
A daughter donated her kidney to her father.	There is no causality between A and father..	1
A daughter donated her kidney to her father.	A is the reason of father..	0
He operated the centrifuge with rotors and buckets which show signs of corrosion or mechanical damage.	There is no causality between He and damage..	1
He operated the centrifuge with rotors and buckets which show signs of corrosion or mechanical damage.	He is the reason of damage..	0
This error message indicates that an error has occurred.	There is no causality between This and occurred..	1
This error message indicates that an error has occurred.	This is the reason of occurred..	0
The genreal anesthetic cause unconsciousness and insensibility to paid and are used for major surgical procedures.	The genreal anesthetic from insensibility	1
The genreal anesthetic cause unconsciousness and insensibility to paid and are used for major surgical procedures.	insensibility from The genreal anesthetic	0
The mason who did the stonework did a wonderful job.	There is no causality between The and job..	1
The mason who did the stonework did a wonderful job.	The is the reason of job..	0
We poured the molten aluminium into ingots, which was very dangerous.	There is no causality between We and dangerous..	1
We poured the molten aluminium into ingots, which was very dangerous.	We is the reason of dangerous..	0
The mass on the whisk side of the broom is closer to the center of mass than the end of the broom stick.	There is no causality between The and stick..	1
The mass on the whisk side of the broom is closer to the center of mass than the end of the broom stick.	The is the reason of stick..	0
The White Paper Full Employment in Australia was the defining document of economic policy in Australia for the 30 years between 1945 and 1975.	There is no causality between The and 1975..	1
The White Paper Full Employment in Australia was the defining document of economic policy in Australia for the 30 years between 1945 and 1975.	The is the reason of 1975..	0
The subject was taken into custody for trespassing.	There is no causality between The and trespassing..	1
The subject was taken into custody for trespassing.	The is the reason of trespassing..	0
A penal code is a portion of a state's laws defining crimes and specifying the punishment.	There is no causality between A and punishment..	1
A penal code is a portion of a state's laws defining crimes and specifying the punishment.	A is the reason of punishment..	0
Jack and Jill are lying on the floor inside the house dead.	There is no causality between Jack and dead..	1
Jack and Jill are lying on the floor inside the house dead.	Jack is the reason of dead..	0
The kitchen holds patient drinks and snacks.	There is no causality between The and snacks..	1
The kitchen holds patient drinks and snacks.	The is the reason of snacks..	0
In the 1950s, several books were published on the topic of sociometrics.	There is no causality between In and sociometrics..	1
In the 1950s, several books were published on the topic of sociometrics.	In is the reason of sociometrics..	0
The statue of an Aztec god is carried into a temple.	There is no causality between The and temple..	1
The statue of an Aztec god is carried into a temple.	The is the reason of temple..	0
At my work, an electronic engineer has migrated into embedded software.	There is no causality between At and software..	1
At my work, an electronic engineer has migrated into embedded software.	At is the reason of software..	0
Snails and slugs cause damage to seedlings, flowers, vegetables and shrubs.	slugs instigated by damage	1
Snails and slugs cause damage to seedlings, flowers, vegetables and shrubs.	damage instigated by slugs	0
Pipe bombs have been thrown into two parked cars in Londonderry.	There is no causality between Pipe and Londonderry..	1
Pipe bombs have been thrown into two parked cars in Londonderry.	Pipe is the reason of Londonderry..	0
You are on the committee to select a slate of officers for the next academic year.	There is no causality between You and year..	1
You are on the committee to select a slate of officers for the next academic year.	You is the reason of year..	0
We have donated the books to the local library.	There is no causality between We and library..	1
We have donated the books to the local library.	We is the reason of library..	0
The molotov cocktail is a bottle with gasoline in it that has a damp cloth in the top that acts as a wick.	There is no causality between The and wick..	1
The molotov cocktail is a bottle with gasoline in it that has a damp cloth in the top that acts as a wick.	The is the reason of wick..	0
South Bade residents have been blown back into primitive lifestyle.	There is no causality between South and lifestyle..	1
South Bade residents have been blown back into primitive lifestyle.	South is the reason of lifestyle..	0
Compared to running barefoot, running in conventional running shoes increases stress on the knee joints up to 38%.	There is no causality between Compared and 38%..	1
Compared to running barefoot, running in conventional running shoes increases stress on the knee joints up to 38%.	Compared is the reason of 38%..	0
There is an urgent need for a fraternity of various sections of the people to fight for the rights of the tribals and against the increasing atrocities on them.	There is no causality between There and them..	1
There is an urgent need for a fraternity of various sections of the people to fight for the rights of the tribals and against the increasing atrocities on them.	There is the reason of them..	0
Most of the discussion has been about the words he used.	There is no causality between Most and used..	1
Most of the discussion has been about the words he used.	Most is the reason of used..	0
The statute covering the matter specified in detail when and where the fair was to be held.	There is no causality between The and held..	1
The statute covering the matter specified in detail when and where the fair was to be held.	The is the reason of held..	0
The man ate the steak with a fork.	There is no causality between The and fork..	1
The man ate the steak with a fork.	The is the reason of fork..	0
A system for attaining an impedance match uses an array of collinear dipoles.	There is no causality between A and dipoles..	1
A system for attaining an impedance match uses an array of collinear dipoles.	A is the reason of dipoles..	0
We have placed the candidates into roles.	There is no causality between We and roles..	1
We have placed the candidates into roles.	We is the reason of roles..	0
There were two smiling and waving individuals hanging under the bun in a wicker basket equipped with the big Bunsen burner.	There is no causality between There and burner..	1
There were two smiling and waving individuals hanging under the bun in a wicker basket equipped with the big Bunsen burner.	There is the reason of burner..	0
The CFA program curriculum is shipped to the people.	There is no causality between The and people..	1
The CFA program curriculum is shipped to the people.	The is the reason of people..	0
A student relaxes with a book in a Cambridge park.	There is no causality between A and park..	1
A student relaxes with a book in a Cambridge park.	A is the reason of park..	0
He also appeared in a television commercial against internet movie piracy.	There is no causality between He and piracy..	1
He also appeared in a television commercial against internet movie piracy.	He is the reason of piracy..	0
The animal control released a wild leopard into the wild.	There is no causality between The and wild..	1
The animal control released a wild leopard into the wild.	The is the reason of wild..	0
Its introduction supplies useful historical background.	There is no causality between Its and background..	1
Its introduction supplies useful historical background.	Its is the reason of background..	0
Each painting is built up of many layers over time, thin transparent layers are juxtaposed with thicker juicier layers of paint.	There is no causality between Each and paint..	1
Each painting is built up of many layers over time, thin transparent layers are juxtaposed with thicker juicier layers of paint.	Each is the reason of paint..	0
A photo of a paddle wheel boat on the Mississippi River at New Orleans.	There is no causality between A and Orleans..	1
A photo of a paddle wheel boat on the Mississippi River at New Orleans.	A is the reason of Orleans..	0
The internal auditors are moved into specific pre-selected locations.	There is no causality between The and locations..	1
The internal auditors are moved into specific pre-selected locations.	The is the reason of locations..	0
The piglet's incisor teeth are cut off with pliers.	There is no causality between The and pliers..	1
The piglet's incisor teeth are cut off with pliers.	The is the reason of pliers..	0
Our microwave has a button for popcorn.	There is no causality between Our and popcorn..	1
Our microwave has a button for popcorn.	Our is the reason of popcorn..	0
Arcane Subtlety reduced the threat caused by Polymorph by 40% at max rank, though the threat caused by the spell is minimal.	the spell cause the threat	1
Arcane Subtlety reduced the threat caused by Polymorph by 40% at max rank, though the threat caused by the spell is minimal.	the threat cause the spell	0
Like a catch-22 the worst part is that acne causes stress and stress triggers acne breakouts.	stress cause acne breakouts	1
Like a catch-22 the worst part is that acne causes stress and stress triggers acne breakouts.	acne breakouts cause stress	0
The government was criticised in a radio debate.	There is no causality between The and debate..	1
The government was criticised in a radio debate.	The is the reason of debate..	0
Canola oil is a versatile, neutral-tasting oil that is very low in saturated fat.	There is no causality between Canola and fat..	1
Canola oil is a versatile, neutral-tasting oil that is very low in saturated fat.	Canola is the reason of fat..	0
The storm resulted in 31 deaths and 2.5 million dollars damage.	The storm was radiating from 2.5 million dollars damage	1
The storm resulted in 31 deaths and 2.5 million dollars damage.	2.5 million dollars damage was radiating from The storm	0
The company has also targeted the premium sector with the Pringles Gourmet line.	There is no causality between The and line..	1
The company has also targeted the premium sector with the Pringles Gourmet line.	The is the reason of line..	0
Avci was the head of the chief of the police in Diyarbakir between 1984 and 1992.	There is no causality between Avci and 1992..	1
Avci was the head of the chief of the police in Diyarbakir between 1984 and 1992.	Avci is the reason of 1992..	0
They incorporated the immigrant flows into microsimulation.	There is no causality between They and microsimulation..	1
They incorporated the immigrant flows into microsimulation.	They is the reason of microsimulation..	0
In that case, the doctor stops the bleeding with hormones.	There is no causality between In and hormones..	1
In that case, the doctor stops the bleeding with hormones.	In is the reason of hormones..	0
Many of the passengers took the shuttle to town and turned around in ten minutes retreating back to the comfort of the air-conditioned ship.	There is no causality between Many and ship..	1
Many of the passengers took the shuttle to town and turned around in ten minutes retreating back to the comfort of the air-conditioned ship.	Many is the reason of ship..	0
A basket such as you mention holds four ears of corn.	There is no causality between A and corn..	1
A basket such as you mention holds four ears of corn.	A is the reason of corn..	0
An explanation of that conclusion was set out in appendix.	There is no causality between An and appendix..	1
An explanation of that conclusion was set out in appendix.	An is the reason of appendix..	0
This wheel with its snout-engaging pins is exposed so that the worker can thrust the snout thereagainst.	There is no causality between This and thereagainst..	1
This wheel with its snout-engaging pins is exposed so that the worker can thrust the snout thereagainst.	This is the reason of thereagainst..	0
Without doubt, this is one of the best books for artists available.	There is no causality between Without and available..	1
Without doubt, this is one of the best books for artists available.	Without is the reason of available..	0
Moreover, it is beyond the power of the State to compel the Syme family to retain their shares or, more importantly, to oblige Mr Macdonald to remain the chief executive of this company.	There is no causality between Moreover, and company..	1
Moreover, it is beyond the power of the State to compel the Syme family to retain their shares or, more importantly, to oblige Mr Macdonald to remain the chief executive of this company.	Moreover, is the reason of company..	0
The scientist's invention is still in the house of the Plummers.	There is no causality between The and Plummers..	1
The scientist's invention is still in the house of the Plummers.	The is the reason of Plummers..	0
The doctor implanted an injection into three vertical glabellar furrows.	There is no causality between The and furrows..	1
The doctor implanted an injection into three vertical glabellar furrows.	The is the reason of furrows..	0
The findings have been published in a special section of the academic journal Archives of Sexual Behavior.	There is no causality between The and Behavior..	1
The findings have been published in a special section of the academic journal Archives of Sexual Behavior.	The is the reason of Behavior..	0
The major theme of the book is the beauty of a dream.	There is no causality between The and dream..	1
The major theme of the book is the beauty of a dream.	The is the reason of dream..	0
The body was in a bin, next to a dumpster, in a fenced-in area of the complex's parking lot.	There is no causality between The and lot..	1
The body was in a bin, next to a dumpster, in a fenced-in area of the complex's parking lot.	The is the reason of lot..	0
Brazilian campaign laws include several restrictions on political speech that can seem arcane to outsiders, and even to some Brazilians.	There is no causality between Brazilian and Brazilians..	1
Brazilian campaign laws include several restrictions on political speech that can seem arcane to outsiders, and even to some Brazilians.	Brazilian is the reason of Brazilians..	0
Conveyance is any unit for transportation of explosives or blasting agents, including but not limited to trucks, trailers, rail cars, barges, and vessels.	There is no causality between Conveyance and vessels..	1
Conveyance is any unit for transportation of explosives or blasting agents, including but not limited to trucks, trailers, rail cars, barges, and vessels.	Conveyance is the reason of vessels..	0
Bogus water collectors have dropped flyers into people's letter boxes.	There is no causality between Bogus and boxes..	1
Bogus water collectors have dropped flyers into people's letter boxes.	Bogus is the reason of boxes..	0
The current list includes pumpkin ale, local hops ale and an organic wheat and oats ale.	There is no causality between The and ale..	1
The current list includes pumpkin ale, local hops ale and an organic wheat and oats ale.	The is the reason of ale..	0
Whenever we try a new butcher we always buy the butcher's sausage first.	There is no causality between Whenever and first..	1
Whenever we try a new butcher we always buy the butcher's sausage first.	Whenever is the reason of first..	0
The team has moved into fifth place in career scoring at ND.	There is no causality between The and ND..	1
The team has moved into fifth place in career scoring at ND.	The is the reason of ND..	0
It has been nearly 40 years since former U.S. president Lyndon Johnson convened the skulk of veteran foxes for the fateful consultation on November 2, 1967, on the issue of the Vietnam War.	There is no causality between It and War..	1
It has been nearly 40 years since former U.S. president Lyndon Johnson convened the skulk of veteran foxes for the fateful consultation on November 2, 1967, on the issue of the Vietnam War.	It is the reason of War..	0
The Scorpio single was in a bin with around 6 zillion 45s.	There is no causality between The and 45s..	1
The Scorpio single was in a bin with around 6 zillion 45s.	The is the reason of 45s..	0
New settlers arrived into this harsh land to seek a new life.	There is no causality between New and life..	1
New settlers arrived into this harsh land to seek a new life.	New is the reason of life..	0
Other early organisms have released barium into sulphate depleted pore-waters.	There is no causality between Other and pore-waters..	1
Other early organisms have released barium into sulphate depleted pore-waters.	Other is the reason of pore-waters..	0
The film features eight influential contemporary philosophers walking around New York.	There is no causality between The and York..	1
The film features eight influential contemporary philosophers walking around New York.	The is the reason of York..	0
I have found that I have extremely sensitive skin and most cleaners cause rash or a burning sensation if it has contact with my skin.	most cleaners caused by a burning sensation	1
I have found that I have extremely sensitive skin and most cleaners cause rash or a burning sensation if it has contact with my skin.	a burning sensation caused by most cleaners	0
Chicken bouillon is obtained in three different forms, either liquid, powder or in cubes.	There is no causality between Chicken and cubes..	1
Chicken bouillon is obtained in three different forms, either liquid, powder or in cubes.	Chicken is the reason of cubes..	0
China sent seeds into space.	There is no causality between China and space..	1
China sent seeds into space.	China is the reason of space..	0
In a person who already has some neck tension from stress, such an event can lead to a long-term increase of neck tension.	such an event cause a long-term increase	1
In a person who already has some neck tension from stress, such an event can lead to a long-term increase of neck tension.	a long-term increase cause such an event	0
A covey of partridges nested in my pear grove.	There is no causality between A and grove..	1
A covey of partridges nested in my pear grove.	A is the reason of grove..	0
The Medicare buy-in plan ran into Senate resistance.	There is no causality between The and resistance..	1
The Medicare buy-in plan ran into Senate resistance.	The is the reason of resistance..	0
Ground resonance occurs while the helicopter is on the ground with rotors turning; it will not happen in flight.	There is no causality between Ground and flight..	1
Ground resonance occurs while the helicopter is on the ground with rotors turning; it will not happen in flight.	Ground is the reason of flight..	0
The car has been delivered to the upholstery shop.	There is no causality between The and shop..	1
The car has been delivered to the upholstery shop.	The is the reason of shop..	0
Scientists have injected human cells into lab animals.	There is no causality between Scientists and animals..	1
Scientists have injected human cells into lab animals.	Scientists is the reason of animals..	0
More than 40 years have passed since the spacecraft departed into the outer-space with a fuel cell on-board.	There is no causality between More and on-board..	1
More than 40 years have passed since the spacecraft departed into the outer-space with a fuel cell on-board.	More is the reason of on-board..	0
For a beginner, the layout of piano keys is hard to recognize on a piano keyboard.	There is no causality between For and keyboard..	1
For a beginner, the layout of piano keys is hard to recognize on a piano keyboard.	For is the reason of keyboard..	0
I bought a whole cartload of groceries, and spent a fraction of what I would at any regular grocery store.	There is no causality between I and store..	1
I bought a whole cartload of groceries, and spent a fraction of what I would at any regular grocery store.	I is the reason of store..	0
Your e-mail has been successfully delivered to the receiver.	There is no causality between Your and receiver..	1
Your e-mail has been successfully delivered to the receiver.	Your is the reason of receiver..	0
I pressed my nose against a bottle full of snakes, fermenting in their frozen grimaces.	There is no causality between I and grimaces..	1
I pressed my nose against a bottle full of snakes, fermenting in their frozen grimaces.	I is the reason of grimaces..	0
I sent the payment to the registered email address in sandbox.	There is no causality between I and sandbox..	1
I sent the payment to the registered email address in sandbox.	I is the reason of sandbox..	0
And so this book involves the reader in a true educational process which is also fun.	There is no causality between And and fun..	1
And so this book involves the reader in a true educational process which is also fun.	And is the reason of fun..	0
I caught a dose of crabs in Phuket once.	There is no causality between I and once..	1
I caught a dose of crabs in Phuket once.	I is the reason of once..	0
Debate continues to swirl around the theory of evolution Charles Darwin proposed 150 years ago in his groundbreaking book.	There is no causality between Debate and book..	1
Debate continues to swirl around the theory of evolution Charles Darwin proposed 150 years ago in his groundbreaking book.	Debate is the reason of book..	0
The flag randomly popped out of an enemy's corpse.	There is no causality between The and corpse..	1
The flag randomly popped out of an enemy's corpse.	The is the reason of corpse..	0
The contents of the envelope were a sheet of foreign note-paper, and a folded enclosure.	There is no causality between The and enclosure..	1
The contents of the envelope were a sheet of foreign note-paper, and a folded enclosure.	The is the reason of enclosure..	0
The bungalow was built inside a barn.	There is no causality between The and barn..	1
The bungalow was built inside a barn.	The is the reason of barn..	0
A major government researcher once complained that his bosses used his scientific findings the way a drunk uses a lamppost: for support rather than illumination.	There is no causality between A and illumination..	1
A major government researcher once complained that his bosses used his scientific findings the way a drunk uses a lamppost: for support rather than illumination.	A is the reason of illumination..	0
We have a congress of different nations and congress within nations and some sports congress.	There is no causality between We and congress..	1
We have a congress of different nations and congress within nations and some sports congress.	We is the reason of congress..	0
These slippers have a double sole with padding inside.	There is no causality between These and inside..	1
These slippers have a double sole with padding inside.	These is the reason of inside..	0
The bottom section of the mast has been mounted onto the ship.	There is no causality between The and ship..	1
The bottom section of the mast has been mounted onto the ship.	The is the reason of ship..	0
We served a bowl of delicious soup in a dish of ivory china.	There is no causality between We and china..	1
We served a bowl of delicious soup in a dish of ivory china.	We is the reason of china..	0
Once more he is facing off against the malicious Cobra, who has released a division of irresistible infantrymen with fierce battle talents.	There is no causality between Once and talents..	1
Once more he is facing off against the malicious Cobra, who has released a division of irresistible infantrymen with fierce battle talents.	Once is the reason of talents..	0
Construction industry's worth is invested into construction plant and equipment.	There is no causality between Construction and equipment..	1
Construction industry's worth is invested into construction plant and equipment.	Construction is the reason of equipment..	0
Olive Garden is a family of local restaurants focused on delighting every guest with a genuine Italian dining experience.	There is no causality between Olive and experience..	1
Olive Garden is a family of local restaurants focused on delighting every guest with a genuine Italian dining experience.	Olive is the reason of experience..	0
The crashes resulted in the collapse of much of the World Trade Center complex, the destruction of part of the southwest side of the Pentagon.	The crashes from the destruction	1
The crashes resulted in the collapse of much of the World Trade Center complex, the destruction of part of the southwest side of the Pentagon.	the destruction from The crashes	0
Before databases appeared, the information on the computers was stored in files.	There is no causality between Before and files..	1
Before databases appeared, the information on the computers was stored in files.	Before is the reason of files..	0
The stay at home dads in Inverness put their feet up for a little while in a chauffeur driven limousine.	There is no causality between The and limousine..	1
The stay at home dads in Inverness put their feet up for a little while in a chauffeur driven limousine.	The is the reason of limousine..	0
Adaptive hyperplasia and compensatory growth in the salt glands of ducks and geese.	There is no causality between Adaptive and geese..	1
Adaptive hyperplasia and compensatory growth in the salt glands of ducks and geese.	Adaptive is the reason of geese..	0
The primary parts of a skateboard are the deck, the trucks, the wheels and bearings, the hardware and the grip tape.	There is no causality between The and tape..	1
The primary parts of a skateboard are the deck, the trucks, the wheels and bearings, the hardware and the grip tape.	The is the reason of tape..	0
New plans are outlined for another wind farm in north Devon of no more than four turbines.	There is no causality between New and turbines..	1
New plans are outlined for another wind farm in north Devon of no more than four turbines.	New is the reason of turbines..	0
I even placed the dish in a cold oven as directions state.	There is no causality between I and state..	1
I even placed the dish in a cold oven as directions state.	I is the reason of state..	0
I always carry a suitcase with my clothes in it.	There is no causality between I and it..	1
I always carry a suitcase with my clothes in it.	I is the reason of it..	0
A technician uses an in-circuit emulator on the host PC to set breakpoints, read/write internal registers, dump memory, and perform other debugger-like functions.	There is no causality between A and functions..	1
A technician uses an in-circuit emulator on the host PC to set breakpoints, read/write internal registers, dump memory, and perform other debugger-like functions.	A is the reason of functions..	0
Seth tends to devote his affections to his float of crocodiles that live in the tiny swampland on seabat isle.	There is no causality between Seth and isle..	1
Seth tends to devote his affections to his float of crocodiles that live in the tiny swampland on seabat isle.	Seth is the reason of isle..	0
The drill platform was a part of the Romulan mining ship Narada that could be lowered into the atmosphere of a planet or planetoid for mining operations.	There is no causality between The and operations..	1
The drill platform was a part of the Romulan mining ship Narada that could be lowered into the atmosphere of a planet or planetoid for mining operations.	The is the reason of operations..	0
The dialogue at the Summit also covered the economic impact of ICT literacy.	There is no causality between The and literacy..	1
The dialogue at the Summit also covered the economic impact of ICT literacy.	The is the reason of literacy..	0
In particular, the 'historical inevitability' of a united proletariat of various nationalities was understood as a state interest.	There is no causality between In and interest..	1
In particular, the 'historical inevitability' of a united proletariat of various nationalities was understood as a state interest.	In is the reason of interest..	0
The litho was enclosed in plastic and is like new.	There is no causality between The and new..	1
The litho was enclosed in plastic and is like new.	The is the reason of new..	0
Later in his speech, Obama declared his support for Iranian nuclear power and opposition to Iranian nuclear weapons.	There is no causality between Later and weapons..	1
Later in his speech, Obama declared his support for Iranian nuclear power and opposition to Iranian nuclear weapons.	Later is the reason of weapons..	0
A bundle of sensitive files linked to a massive police drugs bust have been found dumped in a skip.	There is no causality between A and skip..	1
A bundle of sensitive files linked to a massive police drugs bust have been found dumped in a skip.	A is the reason of skip..	0
The gods conquer the Asuras with the "breath within the mouth".	There is no causality between The and mouth"..	1
The gods conquer the Asuras with the "breath within the mouth".	The is the reason of mouth"..	0
And the chorus of teenage boys and girls were a pleasure to watch as they sang and danced.	There is no causality between And and danced..	1
And the chorus of teenage boys and girls were a pleasure to watch as they sang and danced.	And is the reason of danced..	0
Billions have sunk into devastating companies.	There is no causality between Billions and companies..	1
Billions have sunk into devastating companies.	Billions is the reason of companies..	0
Other private sector stakeholders have placed funds into a separate state-specific account.	There is no causality between Other and account..	1
Other private sector stakeholders have placed funds into a separate state-specific account.	Other is the reason of account..	0
The musician also treated the wood with a preparation of borax in the manner of Stradivari.	There is no causality between The and Stradivari..	1
The musician also treated the wood with a preparation of borax in the manner of Stradivari.	The is the reason of Stradivari..	0
The ship is arriving into the port now.	There is no causality between The and now..	1
The ship is arriving into the port now.	The is the reason of now..	0
The pillars of the ruins of Persepolis are famous and an example of the glories of Iran during the reign of the Darius emperors.	There is no causality between The and emperors..	1
The pillars of the ruins of Persepolis are famous and an example of the glories of Iran during the reign of the Darius emperors.	The is the reason of emperors..	0
His place was in the desk in front of me.	There is no causality between His and me..	1
His place was in the desk in front of me.	His is the reason of me..	0
A surgeon carefully applies the splints to the forearm.	There is no causality between A and forearm..	1
A surgeon carefully applies the splints to the forearm.	A is the reason of forearm..	0
The study focuses on the personnel in three service stations in Finland that are part of Teboil's organisation.	There is no causality between The and organisation..	1
The study focuses on the personnel in three service stations in Finland that are part of Teboil's organisation.	The is the reason of organisation..	0
As it did in 2004, the event combined the annual neural prosthesis workshop - now in its 36th year - and the DBS consortium.	There is no causality between As and consortium..	1
As it did in 2004, the event combined the annual neural prosthesis workshop - now in its 36th year - and the DBS consortium.	As is the reason of consortium..	0
The white plastic cup was put inside a large cup and 100 Formosan subterranean termites were released inside the large cup.	There is no causality between The and cup..	1
The white plastic cup was put inside a large cup and 100 Formosan subterranean termites were released inside the large cup.	The is the reason of cup..	0
The taste, however, is mild, and like rice liquor gone right.	There is no causality between The and right..	1
The taste, however, is mild, and like rice liquor gone right.	The is the reason of right..	0
He puts creativity into use.	There is no causality between He and use..	1
He puts creativity into use.	He is the reason of use..	0
The church is sinking into indolent obscurity.	There is no causality between The and obscurity..	1
The church is sinking into indolent obscurity.	The is the reason of obscurity..	0
He posted the answers to the website.	There is no causality between He and website..	1
He posted the answers to the website.	He is the reason of website..	0
The trio, the penguins, and a cartload of chimpanzees use the newly-fixed plane  to come to the rescue.	There is no causality between The and rescue..	1
The trio, the penguins, and a cartload of chimpanzees use the newly-fixed plane  to come to the rescue.	The is the reason of rescue..	0
She indicated to the deputy sheriff that a gun was in a box in her bedroom.	There is no causality between She and bedroom..	1
She indicated to the deputy sheriff that a gun was in a box in her bedroom.	She is the reason of bedroom..	0
The Aroon indicator system consists of two lines, 'Aroon' and 'Aroon'.	There is no causality between The and 'Aroon'..	1
The Aroon indicator system consists of two lines, 'Aroon' and 'Aroon'.	The is the reason of 'Aroon'..	0
My father is going into college at his old age.	There is no causality between My and age..	1
My father is going into college at his old age.	My is the reason of age..	0
The viruses were sent to unsuspecting labs.	There is no causality between The and labs..	1
The viruses were sent to unsuspecting labs.	The is the reason of labs..	0
The old man went into diabetic coma.	There is no causality between The and coma..	1
The old man went into diabetic coma.	The is the reason of coma..	0
In the second section, the authors explore factors that are ostensibly unrelated to race but nonetheless contribute to racial inequality.	There is no causality between In and inequality..	1
In the second section, the authors explore factors that are ostensibly unrelated to race but nonetheless contribute to racial inequality.	In is the reason of inequality..	0
The Israeli media treated the event with a mixture of derision and pity.	There is no causality between The and pity..	1
The Israeli media treated the event with a mixture of derision and pity.	The is the reason of pity..	0
They misplaced mastiffs into homes.	There is no causality between They and homes..	1
They misplaced mastiffs into homes.	They is the reason of homes..	0
The diamond ring was dropped into a trick-or-treater's bag.	There is no causality between The and bag..	1
The diamond ring was dropped into a trick-or-treater's bag.	The is the reason of bag..	0
At the time of the incident the front tank was full of molasses, the middle two tanks were empty and the rear tank had just been emptied.	There is no causality between At and emptied..	1
At the time of the incident the front tank was full of molasses, the middle two tanks were empty and the rear tank had just been emptied.	At is the reason of emptied..	0
They have poured millions into these projects.	There is no causality between They and projects..	1
They have poured millions into these projects.	They is the reason of projects..	0
Our company has released five computer applications to the Apple's online shops.	There is no causality between Our and shops..	1
Our company has released five computer applications to the Apple's online shops.	Our is the reason of shops..	0
Google groups were sending commands to malware.	There is no causality between Google and malware..	1
Google groups were sending commands to malware.	Google is the reason of malware..	0
I've sold a diamond ring that I bought at Zales for about $500 for $200 on craigslist.	There is no causality between I've and craigslist..	1
I've sold a diamond ring that I bought at Zales for about $500 for $200 on craigslist.	I've is the reason of craigslist..	0
The transmitter was discovered inside a bed settee suite on which he had been sitting.	There is no causality between The and sitting..	1
The transmitter was discovered inside a bed settee suite on which he had been sitting.	The is the reason of sitting..	0
The arrest completes a dismal past five weeks for the 25-year-old.	There is no causality between The and 25-year-old..	1
The arrest completes a dismal past five weeks for the 25-year-old.	The is the reason of 25-year-old..	0
The agency spent this week auctioning off a pack of beer-commercial scripts on eBay.	There is no causality between The and eBay..	1
The agency spent this week auctioning off a pack of beer-commercial scripts on eBay.	The is the reason of eBay..	0
These tests are a major theme of the book, so it is worth investigating them.	There is no causality between These and them..	1
These tests are a major theme of the book, so it is worth investigating them.	These is the reason of them..	0
The company has landed into great controversies.	There is no causality between The and controversies..	1
The company has landed into great controversies.	The is the reason of controversies..	0
The kids dug into the Baked Ziti with gusto.	There is no causality between The and gusto..	1
The kids dug into the Baked Ziti with gusto.	The is the reason of gusto..	0
Sip the tea slowly to reduce stomach pain from indigestion, bloating and feeling of fullness.	feeling instigated by stomach pain	1
Sip the tea slowly to reduce stomach pain from indigestion, bloating and feeling of fullness.	stomach pain instigated by feeling	0
The curved spans of the bridge are the original sections.	There is no causality between The and sections..	1
The curved spans of the bridge are the original sections.	The is the reason of sections..	0
Money flows into hedge funds again.	There is no causality between Money and again..	1
Money flows into hedge funds again.	Money is the reason of again..	0
When the hobo leaves the next morning, Dick notices that on the gate is a picture of a knife.	There is no causality between When and knife..	1
When the hobo leaves the next morning, Dick notices that on the gate is a picture of a knife.	When is the reason of knife..	0
People have inherited a tendency to obesity.	There is no causality between People and obesity..	1
People have inherited a tendency to obesity.	People is the reason of obesity..	0
Flag holders have been pushed into the floor to remove the bump on top of the flag.	There is no causality between Flag and flag..	1
Flag holders have been pushed into the floor to remove the bump on top of the flag.	Flag is the reason of flag..	0
Sensitive pets experience rashes and discomfort from ticks and fleas.	fleas cause discomfort	1
Sensitive pets experience rashes and discomfort from ticks and fleas.	discomfort cause fleas	0
Using the product around the house killed germs that were causing flu, colds or sore throat.	germs instigated by sore throat	1
Using the product around the house killed germs that were causing flu, colds or sore throat.	sore throat instigated by germs	0
His tale of a subculture of poets, folk singers, and eccentrics who smoked marijuana and rejected conformist society was written in just three weeks.	There is no causality between His and weeks..	1
His tale of a subculture of poets, folk singers, and eccentrics who smoked marijuana and rejected conformist society was written in just three weeks.	His is the reason of weeks..	0
The user is cooling a processor with a power usage of 35W, using a conventional heatsink.	There is no causality between The and heatsink..	1
The user is cooling a processor with a power usage of 35W, using a conventional heatsink.	The is the reason of heatsink..	0
Real working cowboys, who are hired to take a drove of cattle to market, have a very difficult and strenuous job.	There is no causality between Real and job..	1
Real working cowboys, who are hired to take a drove of cattle to market, have a very difficult and strenuous job.	Real is the reason of job..	0
The company has mocked up a version of YouTube built around the HTML5 video tag, playing mini-movies inside a browser sans plug-ins.	There is no causality between The and plug-ins..	1
The company has mocked up a version of YouTube built around the HTML5 video tag, playing mini-movies inside a browser sans plug-ins.	The is the reason of plug-ins..	0
The three types of bone cells in the nasal turbinates had characteristic ultrastructural features.	There is no causality between The and features..	1
The three types of bone cells in the nasal turbinates had characteristic ultrastructural features.	The is the reason of features..	0
The crane arm raises, swivels, and extends to a maximum length of 11" inches, just like our own Poe Ghostal.	There is no causality between The and Ghostal..	1
The crane arm raises, swivels, and extends to a maximum length of 11" inches, just like our own Poe Ghostal.	The is the reason of Ghostal..	0
A planted bomb put inside a sedan car exploded in front of the fine arts institution at Mansour neighborhood.	There is no causality between A and neighborhood..	1
A planted bomb put inside a sedan car exploded in front of the fine arts institution at Mansour neighborhood.	A is the reason of neighborhood..	0
The boots were in a box of stuff the boys picked up at the post office just before the curtain fell.	There is no causality between The and fell..	1
The boots were in a box of stuff the boys picked up at the post office just before the curtain fell.	The is the reason of fell..	0
We just finished our last run of pasture poultry for the year.	There is no causality between We and year..	1
We just finished our last run of pasture poultry for the year.	We is the reason of year..	0
Criminal procedure refers to the legal process for adjudicating claims that someone has violated criminal law.	There is no causality between Criminal and law..	1
Criminal procedure refers to the legal process for adjudicating claims that someone has violated criminal law.	Criminal is the reason of law..	0
His mother's body was in a chest freezer in the basement.	There is no causality between His and basement..	1
His mother's body was in a chest freezer in the basement.	His is the reason of basement..	0
Some gardeners use a thick mulch for this purpose.	There is no causality between Some and purpose..	1
Some gardeners use a thick mulch for this purpose.	Some is the reason of purpose..	0
The machine processes the blood using a centrifugal pump, which separates the components of the blood and the plasma.	There is no causality between The and plasma..	1
The machine processes the blood using a centrifugal pump, which separates the components of the blood and the plasma.	The is the reason of plasma..	0
The complete examination process has been carried out according to the pertinent directives.	There is no causality between The and directives..	1
The complete examination process has been carried out according to the pertinent directives.	The is the reason of directives..	0
In this grotto the boy was also born, and exposed; the mother leaves the child behind in a woven basket.	There is no causality between In and basket..	1
In this grotto the boy was also born, and exposed; the mother leaves the child behind in a woven basket.	In is the reason of basket..	0
Theocritus was born in Syracuse, Sicily, spent time on the island of Kos and was also a member of the pleiad of Alexandrian poets under Ptolemy II in Alexandria.	There is no causality between Theocritus and Alexandria..	1
Theocritus was born in Syracuse, Sicily, spent time on the island of Kos and was also a member of the pleiad of Alexandrian poets under Ptolemy II in Alexandria.	Theocritus is the reason of Alexandria..	0
The heel of a persons foot consists of the heel bone, a pad of fat which acts as a protective cushion and a layer of thickened skin.	There is no causality between The and skin..	1
The heel of a persons foot consists of the heel bone, a pad of fat which acts as a protective cushion and a layer of thickened skin.	The is the reason of skin..	0
Swissair was a victim of the clandestine wealth-transfer plaguing the productive sector as a result of the falling interest-rate structure caused by bond speculation.	bond speculation lead to the falling interest-rate structure	1
Swissair was a victim of the clandestine wealth-transfer plaguing the productive sector as a result of the falling interest-rate structure caused by bond speculation.	the falling interest-rate structure lead to bond speculation	0
The liftable scaffold 10 has a platform 12 including a frame 14.	There is no causality between The and 14..	1
The liftable scaffold 10 has a platform 12 including a frame 14.	The is the reason of 14..	0
In the poem, the author develops the metaphysical issues raised in A Riddle and Canto.	There is no causality between In and Canto..	1
In the poem, the author develops the metaphysical issues raised in A Riddle and Canto.	In is the reason of Canto..	0
He was the author of a chronicle narrating the fortunes of the monastery.	There is no causality between He and monastery..	1
He was the author of a chronicle narrating the fortunes of the monastery.	He is the reason of monastery..	0
Dry air, dust and wind dry out the nose and throat and cause nosebleeds, coughing, wheezing, and other short-term respiratory problems	wind instigated by other short-term respiratory problems	1
Dry air, dust and wind dry out the nose and throat and cause nosebleeds, coughing, wheezing, and other short-term respiratory problems	other short-term respiratory problems instigated by wind	0
The sword appears in the photograph with the hilt at 10 o'clock and the blade tip at 5 o'clock.	There is no causality between The and o'clock..	1
The sword appears in the photograph with the hilt at 10 o'clock and the blade tip at 5 o'clock.	The is the reason of o'clock..	0
He took a ring folder, and a pad of paper suitably punched to fit the ring folder.	There is no causality between He and folder..	1
He took a ring folder, and a pad of paper suitably punched to fit the ring folder.	He is the reason of folder..	0
Collapsing commodity prices have pushed the farmer into poverty.	There is no causality between Collapsing and poverty..	1
Collapsing commodity prices have pushed the farmer into poverty.	Collapsing is the reason of poverty..	0
The movable mold carrier has arrived into the store.	There is no causality between The and store..	1
The movable mold carrier has arrived into the store.	The is the reason of store..	0
During the period of economy growth, those people have migrated into the urban areas.	There is no causality between During and areas..	1
During the period of economy growth, those people have migrated into the urban areas.	During is the reason of areas..	0
The inquiry was confined to investigating marine safety issues.	There is no causality between The and issues..	1
The inquiry was confined to investigating marine safety issues.	The is the reason of issues..	0
Despite being a fan of 1860 Munich, he ended up playing for the youth squad of their rivals, Bayern Munich, in 1959.	There is no causality between Despite and 1959..	1
Despite being a fan of 1860 Munich, he ended up playing for the youth squad of their rivals, Bayern Munich, in 1959.	Despite is the reason of 1959..	0
The spotter sweeps the surrounding countryside with a powerful hand-held lamp with a tightly focused beam.	There is no causality between The and beam..	1
The spotter sweeps the surrounding countryside with a powerful hand-held lamp with a tightly focused beam.	The is the reason of beam..	0
Many of the ingredients in a gourmet basket are vaguely familiar, but they have been taken to the ultimate level in luxury.	There is no causality between Many and luxury..	1
Many of the ingredients in a gourmet basket are vaguely familiar, but they have been taken to the ultimate level in luxury.	Many is the reason of luxury..	0
This document reflects the best browser settings for use with a Macintosh system.	There is no causality between This and system..	1
This document reflects the best browser settings for use with a Macintosh system.	This is the reason of system..	0
The intestines and appendix are part of the gastrointestinal system.	There is no causality between The and system..	1
The intestines and appendix are part of the gastrointestinal system.	The is the reason of system..	0
The email marketing is landing into the spam folders decreasing the ROI for these programs.	There is no causality between The and programs..	1
The email marketing is landing into the spam folders decreasing the ROI for these programs.	The is the reason of programs..	0
The newspaper was being kept in a box.	There is no causality between The and box..	1
The newspaper was being kept in a box.	The is the reason of box..	0
In any case, fish oil did harm patients.	There is no causality between In and patients..	1
In any case, fish oil did harm patients.	In is the reason of patients..	0
He puts a driver bit that fits the screw in the drill press chuck.	There is no causality between He and chuck..	1
He puts a driver bit that fits the screw in the drill press chuck.	He is the reason of chuck..	0
Today it was proved Camp is the third best keeper in the team.	There is no causality between Today and team..	1
Today it was proved Camp is the third best keeper in the team.	Today is the reason of team..	0
Selecting the dry gourds according to their shape, the artisan carves the decorative motifs with a burin.	There is no causality between Selecting and burin..	1
Selecting the dry gourds according to their shape, the artisan carves the decorative motifs with a burin.	Selecting is the reason of burin..	0
The book includes a 13-page index, which is quite extensive for a volume of this length.	There is no causality between The and length..	1
The book includes a 13-page index, which is quite extensive for a volume of this length.	The is the reason of length..	0
The dynamite used in blasting for the South Island Line had been stored at a depot in Chung Hom Shan, near Stanley.	There is no causality between The and Stanley..	1
The dynamite used in blasting for the South Island Line had been stored at a depot in Chung Hom Shan, near Stanley.	The is the reason of Stanley..	0
He went to the kids department in the store, decorated one of the "Little Brown Bags" and was entered to win prizes, including a $100 shopping spree.	There is no causality between He and spree..	1
He went to the kids department in the store, decorated one of the "Little Brown Bags" and was entered to win prizes, including a $100 shopping spree.	He is the reason of spree..	0
Lavender is excellent in the reatment of headaches from fatigue and exhaustion.	exhaustion instigated by headaches	1
Lavender is excellent in the reatment of headaches from fatigue and exhaustion.	headaches instigated by exhaustion	0
I had the picture frame in my office for couple of days, but like anybody else in the world I wanted to play with the device for a little longer.	There is no causality between I and longer..	1
I had the picture frame in my office for couple of days, but like anybody else in the world I wanted to play with the device for a little longer.	I is the reason of longer..	0
The alleged abuse resulted in bruises and swelling of the brain.	The alleged abuse cause swelling	1
The alleged abuse resulted in bruises and swelling of the brain.	swelling cause The alleged abuse	0
The presentation uses animation to show how germs and microbes cause sickness, and outlines simple preventive measures.	microbes instigated by sickness	1
The presentation uses animation to show how germs and microbes cause sickness, and outlines simple preventive measures.	sickness instigated by microbes	0
Using solar electricity instead of conventional electricity sources helps to reduce pollution that causes smog, acid rain, respiratory illness and global warming.	pollution instigated by global warming	1
Using solar electricity instead of conventional electricity sources helps to reduce pollution that causes smog, acid rain, respiratory illness and global warming.	global warming instigated by pollution	0
These are documents to do with finance.	There is no causality between These and finance..	1
These are documents to do with finance.	These is the reason of finance..	0
That big piece of meat was in a can of Bush's Baked Beans that we had for lunch today.	There is no causality between That and today..	1
That big piece of meat was in a can of Bush's Baked Beans that we had for lunch today.	That is the reason of today..	0
When the soul left the body, it was at the first moment quite unclothed, as at birth.	There is no causality between When and birth..	1
When the soul left the body, it was at the first moment quite unclothed, as at birth.	When is the reason of birth..	0
The club's president saw the money that was inside a box.	There is no causality between The and box..	1
The club's president saw the money that was inside a box.	The is the reason of box..	0
I used these techniques to stretch my ear lobes to accept 6 gauge earrings.	There is no causality between I and earrings..	1
I used these techniques to stretch my ear lobes to accept 6 gauge earrings.	I is the reason of earrings..	0
This blog tracks and comments on news relevant to the interplay of science & religion.	There is no causality between This and religion..	1
This blog tracks and comments on news relevant to the interplay of science & religion.	This is the reason of religion..	0
An encapsulating composition is infused into the channel to encapsulate the tissue in a capsule.	There is no causality between An and capsule..	1
An encapsulating composition is infused into the channel to encapsulate the tissue in a capsule.	An is the reason of capsule..	0
Carbon nanotubes introduced into the abdominal cavity of mice show asbestos-like pathogenicity.	There is no causality between Carbon and pathogenicity..	1
Carbon nanotubes introduced into the abdominal cavity of mice show asbestos-like pathogenicity.	Carbon is the reason of pathogenicity..	0
The NMB maintains a panel of neutral referees for service on these and certain other boards.	There is no causality between The and boards..	1
The NMB maintains a panel of neutral referees for service on these and certain other boards.	The is the reason of boards..	0
The scientist is pouring beakers into the formula.	There is no causality between The and formula..	1
The scientist is pouring beakers into the formula.	The is the reason of formula..	0
I also received one stand of choice bees and about $100 in cash.	There is no causality between I and cash..	1
I also received one stand of choice bees and about $100 in cash.	I is the reason of cash..	0
Controversy and even heated debate with respect to the ethical issues involved has broken out in Germany and other parts of the world.	There is no causality between Controversy and world..	1
Controversy and even heated debate with respect to the ethical issues involved has broken out in Germany and other parts of the world.	Controversy is the reason of world..	0
A stereo buss outputs the stereo buss signal; a record buss outputs the record buss signal.	a record buss caused by the record buss signal	1
A stereo buss outputs the stereo buss signal; a record buss outputs the record buss signal.	the record buss signal caused by a record buss	0
Riviera holiday club consists of few hotels  which are located on the beach, in a nice and quite park.	There is no causality between Riviera and park..	1
Riviera holiday club consists of few hotels  which are located on the beach, in a nice and quite park.	Riviera is the reason of park..	0
The purpose of this test was to report to the American public on the academic achievement of individual students, schools, districts, and states.	There is no causality between The and states..	1
The purpose of this test was to report to the American public on the academic achievement of individual students, schools, districts, and states.	The is the reason of states..	0
The driver of the cement truck cleaned the loading chute on his truck with a truck-mounted water hose and began to pull away.	There is no causality between The and away..	1
The driver of the cement truck cleaned the loading chute on his truck with a truck-mounted water hose and began to pull away.	The is the reason of away..	0
My son  has been complaining of pain on his jaw bone for a few weeks now.	There is no causality between My and now..	1
My son  has been complaining of pain on his jaw bone for a few weeks now.	My is the reason of now..	0
A knot of toads or an army of frogs in the garden is a pleasure to see, and it feels like a compliment to the gardener.	There is no causality between A and gardener..	1
A knot of toads or an army of frogs in the garden is a pleasure to see, and it feels like a compliment to the gardener.	A is the reason of gardener..	0
The phrase was related in a preface of a 1904 collection of Drury's stories.	There is no causality between The and stories..	1
The phrase was related in a preface of a 1904 collection of Drury's stories.	The is the reason of stories..	0
This is how a politician uses tourism as an instrument for power.	There is no causality between This and power..	1
This is how a politician uses tourism as an instrument for power.	This is the reason of power..	0
Treatment consists of antifungal therapy, surgery, and supportive care.	There is no causality between Treatment and care..	1
Treatment consists of antifungal therapy, surgery, and supportive care.	Treatment is the reason of care..	0
And there's you, floating a couple of thousand feet up in the sky in a tiny little basket.	There is no causality between And and basket..	1
And there's you, floating a couple of thousand feet up in the sky in a tiny little basket.	And is the reason of basket..	0
He claimed to have witnessed terrible abuses in Iraq as a corporal in the army.	There is no causality between He and army..	1
He claimed to have witnessed terrible abuses in Iraq as a corporal in the army.	He is the reason of army..	0
The crowd congregating near the dwelling reminded one man of "a huge cluster of swarming bees extending far back.	There is no causality between The and back..	1
The crowd congregating near the dwelling reminded one man of "a huge cluster of swarming bees extending far back.	The is the reason of back..	0
Before attacking the Walthers kit with a razor saw, however, let's take care of some other important layout details.	There is no causality between Before and details..	1
Before attacking the Walthers kit with a razor saw, however, let's take care of some other important layout details.	Before is the reason of details..	0
In a decade, neighborhoods are sinking into disrepair.	There is no causality between In and disrepair..	1
In a decade, neighborhoods are sinking into disrepair.	In is the reason of disrepair..	0
Another manuscript introduced justice in terms of contractual justice.	There is no causality between Another and justice..	1
Another manuscript introduced justice in terms of contractual justice.	Another is the reason of justice..	0
The coil of the galvanometer is wrapped around a cylindrical form.	There is no causality between The and form..	1
The coil of the galvanometer is wrapped around a cylindrical form.	The is the reason of form..	0
This rose bud waiting to open up for the world to see, was in the garden at the Swan Inn.	There is no causality between This and Inn..	1
This rose bud waiting to open up for the world to see, was in the garden at the Swan Inn.	This is the reason of Inn..	0
The veteran inventor best-known for creating the clockwork radio is planning to float his incubator company on the Stock Exchange.	There is no causality between The and Exchange..	1
The veteran inventor best-known for creating the clockwork radio is planning to float his incubator company on the Stock Exchange.	The is the reason of Exchange..	0
China has tested Barack Obama early in his presidency, with a flotilla of naval vessels surrounding and harassing a US spy ship in the South China Sea.	There is no causality between China and Sea..	1
China has tested Barack Obama early in his presidency, with a flotilla of naval vessels surrounding and harassing a US spy ship in the South China Sea.	China is the reason of Sea..	0
In the hold of the American ship, I was feeling very queasy.	There is no causality between In and queasy..	1
In the hold of the American ship, I was feeling very queasy.	In is the reason of queasy..	0
The violence resulted in the death of police "capo" Filippo Raciti, which caused widespread soul-searching and a week-long suspension of Italian football.	the death caused by a week-long suspension	1
The violence resulted in the death of police "capo" Filippo Raciti, which caused widespread soul-searching and a week-long suspension of Italian football.	a week-long suspension caused by the death	0
That strawberry jelly was more like strawberry glue.	There is no causality between That and glue..	1
That strawberry jelly was more like strawberry glue.	That is the reason of glue..	0
The outdoor unit is going into defrost.	There is no causality between The and defrost..	1
The outdoor unit is going into defrost.	The is the reason of defrost..	0
The dust, noise, and sleep deprivation produced by the construction are intolerable.	the construction cause sleep deprivation	1
The dust, noise, and sleep deprivation produced by the construction are intolerable.	sleep deprivation cause the construction	0
More than 4500 tons of nitrogen oxides annually -- a pollutant that causes smog, acid rain, and contributes to asthma attacks and other breathing problems.	a pollutant instigated by other breathing problems	1
More than 4500 tons of nitrogen oxides annually -- a pollutant that causes smog, acid rain, and contributes to asthma attacks and other breathing problems.	other breathing problems instigated by a pollutant	0
You find a bottle with pretty blue water in it in the bathroom.	There is no causality between You and bathroom..	1
You find a bottle with pretty blue water in it in the bathroom.	You is the reason of bathroom..	0
Scientists have successfully tested a system that translates brain waves into speech.	There is no causality between Scientists and speech..	1
Scientists have successfully tested a system that translates brain waves into speech.	Scientists is the reason of speech..	0
But what is not seen in the television pictures, is the almost invisible army of 7000 migrant workers who built the iconic structure.	There is no causality between But and structure..	1
But what is not seen in the television pictures, is the almost invisible army of 7000 migrant workers who built the iconic structure.	But is the reason of structure..	0
The publication has connection to an international research project.	There is no causality between The and project..	1
The publication has connection to an international research project.	The is the reason of project..	0
Recent global warming has thrown nature into disarray.	There is no causality between Recent and disarray..	1
Recent global warming has thrown nature into disarray.	Recent is the reason of disarray..	0
In an experiment, proteins successfully transported copper into the tissue.	There is no causality between In and tissue..	1
In an experiment, proteins successfully transported copper into the tissue.	In is the reason of tissue..	0
Here is a picture of the artist taking a photograph of a young girl in front of a vegetable stand on Mulberry Street in New York City.	There is no causality between Here and City..	1
Here is a picture of the artist taking a photograph of a young girl in front of a vegetable stand on Mulberry Street in New York City.	Here is the reason of City..	0
The flyer advertised a two-week workshop being conducted at the university this summer.	There is no causality between The and summer..	1
The flyer advertised a two-week workshop being conducted at the university this summer.	The is the reason of summer..	0
She tried to find out what key on your keyboard fits your personalty.	There is no causality between She and personalty..	1
She tried to find out what key on your keyboard fits your personalty.	She is the reason of personalty..	0
She moved the files into a shared folder.	There is no causality between She and folder..	1
She moved the files into a shared folder.	She is the reason of folder..	0
The workmen applied a blowlamp to the pipes which were lagged with felt.	There is no causality between The and felt..	1
The workmen applied a blowlamp to the pipes which were lagged with felt.	The is the reason of felt..	0
Here's the theory I wrote down the other night on the cocktail napkin I fished out of my purse just now.	There is no causality between Here's and now..	1
Here's the theory I wrote down the other night on the cocktail napkin I fished out of my purse just now.	Here's is the reason of now..	0
A method of mitigating the effect of a market spike caused by the triggering and the election of a conditional order includes monitoring conditional orders.	the election cause a market spike	1
A method of mitigating the effect of a market spike caused by the triggering and the election of a conditional order includes monitoring conditional orders.	a market spike cause the election	0
There is a certain dissonance among the essays collected in this volume.	There is no causality between There and volume..	1
There is a certain dissonance among the essays collected in this volume.	There is the reason of volume..	0
The apartment has a separate dining room, which can easily be converted into a third bedroom if need be.	There is no causality between The and be..	1
The apartment has a separate dining room, which can easily be converted into a third bedroom if need be.	The is the reason of be..	0
Nielsen released his insights into the online industry.	There is no causality between Nielsen and industry..	1
Nielsen released his insights into the online industry.	Nielsen is the reason of industry..	0
The products of business entity within the export processing zone are shipped to non-bonded areas.	There is no causality between The and areas..	1
The products of business entity within the export processing zone are shipped to non-bonded areas.	The is the reason of areas..	0
The Leftist student platform at LAU is newly born independent leftist league of various leftist movements and independents at the Lebanese American University.	There is no causality between The and University..	1
The Leftist student platform at LAU is newly born independent leftist league of various leftist movements and independents at the Lebanese American University.	The is the reason of University..	0
The sculpture of Lawrence J Nowlan has been featured in numerous publications.	There is no causality between The and publications..	1
The sculpture of Lawrence J Nowlan has been featured in numerous publications.	The is the reason of publications..	0
Heat, wind and smoke cause flight delays.	smoke cause flight delays	1
Heat, wind and smoke cause flight delays.	flight delays cause smoke	0
Thus previous scientific estimates had overstated the devastation caused by the asteroid, since topographic and ecologic factors contributing to the result had not been taken into account.	topographic and ecologic factors caused by the result	1
Thus previous scientific estimates had overstated the devastation caused by the asteroid, since topographic and ecologic factors contributing to the result had not been taken into account.	the result caused by topographic and ecologic factors	0
They chose a shop that oven bakes the paint in a down draft paint booth.	There is no causality between They and booth..	1
They chose a shop that oven bakes the paint in a down draft paint booth.	They is the reason of booth..	0
470000 mullet fingerlings have been released into the lake.	There is no causality between 470000 and lake..	1
470000 mullet fingerlings have been released into the lake.	470000 is the reason of lake..	0
I purchased the Wen lumberjack saw a few years ago, and just broke the blade.	There is no causality between I and blade..	1
I purchased the Wen lumberjack saw a few years ago, and just broke the blade.	I is the reason of blade..	0
Interestingly, the sink was inside the room.	There is no causality between Interestingly, and room..	1
Interestingly, the sink was inside the room.	Interestingly, is the reason of room..	0
Alcohol and drugs directly cause suicide by significantly diminishing the reasoning of the person at the time of the suicide.	drugs instigated by suicide	1
Alcohol and drugs directly cause suicide by significantly diminishing the reasoning of the person at the time of the suicide.	suicide instigated by drugs	0
The campaign coincides with a government initiative to promote safer drinking.	There is no causality between The and drinking..	1
The campaign coincides with a government initiative to promote safer drinking.	The is the reason of drinking..	0
A bottle full of liquid flew out of the stands and struck visiting keeper Armando Ribeiro just below the right eye.	There is no causality between A and eye..	1
A bottle full of liquid flew out of the stands and struck visiting keeper Armando Ribeiro just below the right eye.	A is the reason of eye..	0
And with a flourish of her wand she unleashed a plague of biting insects, the sand fly.	There is no causality between And and fly..	1
And with a flourish of her wand she unleashed a plague of biting insects, the sand fly.	And is the reason of fly..	0
The crust of the earth is composed of a great variety of igneous, metamorphic, and sedimentary rocks.	There is no causality between The and rocks..	1
The crust of the earth is composed of a great variety of igneous, metamorphic, and sedimentary rocks.	The is the reason of rocks..	0
In the film, Howell plays a cop who gets involved with a murder witness, only to find out that she's part of an international ring of sex-for-hire beauties.	There is no causality between In and beauties..	1
In the film, Howell plays a cop who gets involved with a murder witness, only to find out that she's part of an international ring of sex-for-hire beauties.	In is the reason of beauties..	0
A month of snowy sundays in January had an adverse impact on Prospect's finances.	There is no causality between A and finances..	1
A month of snowy sundays in January had an adverse impact on Prospect's finances.	A is the reason of finances..	0
In any forest, the carbon is stored in the plants and trees.	There is no causality between In and trees..	1
In any forest, the carbon is stored in the plants and trees.	In is the reason of trees..	0
Extra virgin olive oil is in a cask.	There is no causality between Extra and cask..	1
Extra virgin olive oil is in a cask.	Extra is the reason of cask..	0
The damages caused by mudslides, tremors, subsidence, superficial or underground water were verified, as well as swelling clay soils.	swelling clay soils lead to The damages	1
The damages caused by mudslides, tremors, subsidence, superficial or underground water were verified, as well as swelling clay soils.	The damages lead to swelling clay soils	0
The boom and shaking was caused by the asteroid that passed Earth yesterday.	the asteroid cause shaking	1
The boom and shaking was caused by the asteroid that passed Earth yesterday.	shaking cause the asteroid	0
Far below and a universe away, a constellation of windows darkened.	There is no causality between Far and darkened..	1
Far below and a universe away, a constellation of windows darkened.	Far is the reason of darkened..	0
Heartwater disease was imported into the major cities.	There is no causality between Heartwater and cities..	1
Heartwater disease was imported into the major cities.	Heartwater is the reason of cities..	0
This article lists people whose artwork has been featured on stamps of the United States.	There is no causality between This and States..	1
This article lists people whose artwork has been featured on stamps of the United States.	This is the reason of States..	0
My new boss moved into his office yesterday.	There is no causality between My and yesterday..	1
My new boss moved into his office yesterday.	My is the reason of yesterday..	0
He clicked the left key of the mouse in order to copy the chosen translation to the clipboard.	There is no causality between He and clipboard..	1
He clicked the left key of the mouse in order to copy the chosen translation to the clipboard.	He is the reason of clipboard..	0
This export company is involved in sourcing various manufacturing commodities and exporting these products to different countries around the world.	There is no causality between This and world..	1
This export company is involved in sourcing various manufacturing commodities and exporting these products to different countries around the world.	This is the reason of world..	0
Manufacturers passed on the costs to the consumers.	There is no causality between Manufacturers and consumers..	1
Manufacturers passed on the costs to the consumers.	Manufacturers is the reason of consumers..	0
The temperature inside the car was 79 degrees.	There is no causality between The and degrees..	1
The temperature inside the car was 79 degrees.	The is the reason of degrees..	0
He handed the suspects over to the police.	There is no causality between He and police..	1
He handed the suspects over to the police.	He is the reason of police..	0
The signoff queue is used for reports that the user has not seen before.	There is no causality between The and before..	1
The signoff queue is used for reports that the user has not seen before.	The is the reason of before..	0
This data has been concerning primarily assembly operations.	There is no causality between This and operations..	1
This data has been concerning primarily assembly operations.	This is the reason of operations..	0
I sold a gold ring to another company online and they sent me a lousy check for $14.00.	There is no causality between I and $14.00..	1
I sold a gold ring to another company online and they sent me a lousy check for $14.00.	I is the reason of $14.00..	0
Until 1864 vessels in the service of certain UK public offices defaced the Red Ensign with the badge of their office.	There is no causality between Until and office..	1
Until 1864 vessels in the service of certain UK public offices defaced the Red Ensign with the badge of their office.	Until is the reason of office..	0
The contents of the box were a present and the box itself was as a present.	There is no causality between The and present..	1
The contents of the box were a present and the box itself was as a present.	The is the reason of present..	0
Little did these naive people realize at the time that they were embracing a foul brood of ungrateful vipers, which would soon prove to be their undoing.	There is no causality between Little and undoing..	1
Little did these naive people realize at the time that they were embracing a foul brood of ungrateful vipers, which would soon prove to be their undoing.	Little is the reason of undoing..	0
The man has journeyed into deeper level studies with sound masters.	There is no causality between The and masters..	1
The man has journeyed into deeper level studies with sound masters.	The is the reason of masters..	0
A famous singer was sent to prison.	There is no causality between A and prison..	1
A famous singer was sent to prison.	A is the reason of prison..	0
The fibre pellets were blown into cavities using special equipment.	There is no causality between The and equipment..	1
The fibre pellets were blown into cavities using special equipment.	The is the reason of equipment..	0
Anyway, the guy convinced some local with a car to drive somewhere to procure us some beer.	There is no causality between Anyway, and beer..	1
Anyway, the guy convinced some local with a car to drive somewhere to procure us some beer.	Anyway, is the reason of beer..	0
Their moral criticism concerns the particular social and personal context in which they appear.	There is no causality between Their and appear..	1
Their moral criticism concerns the particular social and personal context in which they appear.	Their is the reason of appear..	0
The morning session of the symposium ends with a reunion lunch for the attendees.	There is no causality between The and attendees..	1
The morning session of the symposium ends with a reunion lunch for the attendees.	The is the reason of attendees..	0
It was the only living thing in sight except for a stationary cloud of hysterical gnats suspended in the heat above the road.	There is no causality between It and road..	1
It was the only living thing in sight except for a stationary cloud of hysterical gnats suspended in the heat above the road.	It is the reason of road..	0
The contents of the cyst included a foul smelling gas and white-green pus.	There is no causality between The and pus..	1
The contents of the cyst included a foul smelling gas and white-green pus.	The is the reason of pus..	0
The data is stored in tables.	There is no causality between The and tables..	1
The data is stored in tables.	The is the reason of tables..	0
My little brother's tooth was in a cup of water the other day and I nearly fainted when I saw it.	There is no causality between My and it..	1
My little brother's tooth was in a cup of water the other day and I nearly fainted when I saw it.	My is the reason of it..	0
You saw professional chefs using a garlic press.	There is no causality between You and press..	1
You saw professional chefs using a garlic press.	You is the reason of press..	0
When poured into a Sly Imperial pint glass, this rye ale was a solid amber color with a few minor gold highlights along the sides and at the bottom of the beer.	There is no causality between When and beer..	1
When poured into a Sly Imperial pint glass, this rye ale was a solid amber color with a few minor gold highlights along the sides and at the bottom of the beer.	When is the reason of beer..	0
Bounding pulses are caused by the relatively low systemic arterial blood pressure due to the continuous runoff of blood from the aorta into the pulmonary artery.	the continuous runoff instigated by the relatively low systemic arterial blood pressure	1
Bounding pulses are caused by the relatively low systemic arterial blood pressure due to the continuous runoff of blood from the aorta into the pulmonary artery.	the relatively low systemic arterial blood pressure instigated by the continuous runoff	0
The slide system consists of a slideway and a sliding element, whereas the slide system is connected to at least one piston and the crank of the shaft.	There is no causality between The and shaft..	1
The slide system consists of a slideway and a sliding element, whereas the slide system is connected to at least one piston and the crank of the shaft.	The is the reason of shaft..	0
The organisation campaigns against such things as child labour.	There is no causality between The and labour..	1
The organisation campaigns against such things as child labour.	The is the reason of labour..	0
Each warrior carries a sime, or spatulate-shaped sword, in a leather sheath, and bears a bow and quiver of poisoned arrows.	There is no causality between Each and arrows..	1
Each warrior carries a sime, or spatulate-shaped sword, in a leather sheath, and bears a bow and quiver of poisoned arrows.	Each is the reason of arrows..	0
There is great concern among voters over the economy.	There is no causality between There and economy..	1
There is great concern among voters over the economy.	There is the reason of economy..	0
The disruption of electricity and telecommunication lines have thrown the city into darkness.	There is no causality between The and darkness..	1
The disruption of electricity and telecommunication lines have thrown the city into darkness.	The is the reason of darkness..	0
The young student is part of the environmental association IndyACT.	There is no causality between The and IndyACT..	1
The young student is part of the environmental association IndyACT.	The is the reason of IndyACT..	0
These pages are intended to assist you in accessing Belgian library book catalogues over the internet.	There is no causality between These and internet..	1
These pages are intended to assist you in accessing Belgian library book catalogues over the internet.	These is the reason of internet..	0
The crane has a five-section 51 m boom with MEGAFORM shaping for greater rigidity and Grove's patented TWIN-LOCK boom pinning system.	There is no causality between The and system..	1
The crane has a five-section 51 m boom with MEGAFORM shaping for greater rigidity and Grove's patented TWIN-LOCK boom pinning system.	The is the reason of system..	0
Most illnesses, including colds and flu, cause a toxic overload that also increases the stress on the kidneys.	flu instigated by a toxic overload	1
Most illnesses, including colds and flu, cause a toxic overload that also increases the stress on the kidneys.	a toxic overload instigated by flu	0
I've just sold a gold ring, which was my last asset and now we have nothing left for a better life.	There is no causality between I've and life..	1
I've just sold a gold ring, which was my last asset and now we have nothing left for a better life.	I've is the reason of life..	0
Insects that harm trees are often prey for a descent of woodpeckers, which, in turn benefits the birds that nest in the saved tree.	There is no causality between Insects and tree..	1
Insects that harm trees are often prey for a descent of woodpeckers, which, in turn benefits the birds that nest in the saved tree.	Insects is the reason of tree..	0
We have exported products to domestic locations only.	There is no causality between We and only..	1
We have exported products to domestic locations only.	We is the reason of only..	0
In a known motor-pump unit of this type, the slot-barrel motor is connected, to the drive spindle of the screw-spindle pump with a pressure side throttle interval interposed.	There is no causality between In and interposed..	1
In a known motor-pump unit of this type, the slot-barrel motor is connected, to the drive spindle of the screw-spindle pump with a pressure side throttle interval interposed.	In is the reason of interposed..	0
The ship leaked oil into Brisbane river.	There is no causality between The and river..	1
The ship leaked oil into Brisbane river.	The is the reason of river..	0
A temporary password has been sent to your email.	There is no causality between A and email..	1
A temporary password has been sent to your email.	A is the reason of email..	0
The remnants of Einstein's brain were in a box marked "Costa Cider.	There is no causality between The and Cider..	1
The remnants of Einstein's brain were in a box marked "Costa Cider.	The is the reason of Cider..	0
The joey is blind at birth, and must instinctively ascend their mother's belly and crawl into the nurturing pouch.	There is no causality between The and pouch..	1
The joey is blind at birth, and must instinctively ascend their mother's belly and crawl into the nurturing pouch.	The is the reason of pouch..	0
So far this year, the city has dumped sewage into the river more than 500 times.	There is no causality between So and times..	1
So far this year, the city has dumped sewage into the river more than 500 times.	So is the reason of times..	0
In recent months, civility has been a topic of much discussion in the newspapers.	There is no causality between In and newspapers..	1
In recent months, civility has been a topic of much discussion in the newspapers.	In is the reason of newspapers..	0
When a person assists the employee with completing this form, the preparer must certify the form.	There is no causality between When and form..	1
When a person assists the employee with completing this form, the preparer must certify the form.	When is the reason of form..	0
The vehicle's name was leaked in a Financial Times article published on August 31, and this evening, several photos and more information about the concept were published online.	There is no causality between The and online..	1
The vehicle's name was leaked in a Financial Times article published on August 31, and this evening, several photos and more information about the concept were published online.	The is the reason of online..	0
Asteroid threatened Earth with disaster.	There is no causality between Asteroid and disaster..	1
Asteroid threatened Earth with disaster.	Asteroid is the reason of disaster..	0
Historians use evidence and artifacts.	There is no causality between Historians and artifacts..	1
Historians use evidence and artifacts.	Historians is the reason of artifacts..	0
The celebrity arrived to crash the party.	There is no causality between The and party..	1
The celebrity arrived to crash the party.	The is the reason of party..	0
Speaking of nerdy sweaters, my girlfriend knit me a Mugatu sweater for xmas a few years back.	There is no causality between Speaking and back..	1
Speaking of nerdy sweaters, my girlfriend knit me a Mugatu sweater for xmas a few years back.	Speaking is the reason of back..	0
I dragged the files into the file sharing folder.	There is no causality between I and folder..	1
I dragged the files into the file sharing folder.	I is the reason of folder..	0
His deeds have thrown thousands of people into eternal financial damnation.	There is no causality between His and damnation..	1
His deeds have thrown thousands of people into eternal financial damnation.	His is the reason of damnation..	0
We have a bright and cheery yellow casement window over the sink in my kitchen.	There is no causality between We and kitchen..	1
We have a bright and cheery yellow casement window over the sink in my kitchen.	We is the reason of kitchen..	0
It is the story of a teenager who finds himself floating on a raft down the Mississippi River with an escaping slave.	There is no causality between It and slave..	1
It is the story of a teenager who finds himself floating on a raft down the Mississippi River with an escaping slave.	It is the reason of slave..	0
The "Happy Hour" gathering was the best part of the event.	There is no causality between The and event..	1
The "Happy Hour" gathering was the best part of the event.	The is the reason of event..	0
The band first reached the charts with the song "Touch My Light" in the late spring of 1993, receiving major airplay on mainstream radio stations.	There is no causality between The and stations..	1
The band first reached the charts with the song "Touch My Light" in the late spring of 1993, receiving major airplay on mainstream radio stations.	The is the reason of stations..	0
I changed the length of the catapult arm and I changed the rubber band.	There is no causality between I and band..	1
I changed the length of the catapult arm and I changed the rubber band.	I is the reason of band..	0
Man at the norhtern edge of the mouth of the cave of Stora Forvar, with a Stone Age settlement which was excavated in 1888-1893.	There is no causality between Man and 1888-1893..	1
Man at the norhtern edge of the mouth of the cave of Stora Forvar, with a Stone Age settlement which was excavated in 1888-1893.	Man is the reason of 1888-1893..	0
The DS Criminal Investigative Division conducts criminal investigations into violations of passport and visa fraud.	There is no causality between The and fraud..	1
The DS Criminal Investigative Division conducts criminal investigations into violations of passport and visa fraud.	The is the reason of fraud..	0
We have entered successful surveys into report demonstrating secondary meaning.	There is no causality between We and meaning..	1
We have entered successful surveys into report demonstrating secondary meaning.	We is the reason of meaning..	0
Ji-Sung finds Jae-Young, but the striker blasts over the bar with only the keeper to beat.	There is no causality between Ji-Sung and beat..	1
Ji-Sung finds Jae-Young, but the striker blasts over the bar with only the keeper to beat.	Ji-Sung is the reason of beat..	0
The stunt plane went into uncontrollable dive.	There is no causality between The and dive..	1
The stunt plane went into uncontrollable dive.	The is the reason of dive..	0
Magnetic nanoworms and nanocrystals deliver the amino acid to the tumors.	There is no causality between Magnetic and tumors..	1
Magnetic nanoworms and nanocrystals deliver the amino acid to the tumors.	Magnetic is the reason of tumors..	0
My friend has entered into a new relationship.	There is no causality between My and relationship..	1
My friend has entered into a new relationship.	My is the reason of relationship..	0
He added ethanol into the wash buffer.	There is no causality between He and buffer..	1
He added ethanol into the wash buffer.	He is the reason of buffer..	0
Lately, even women inject steroids into their muscles.	There is no causality between Lately, and muscles..	1
Lately, even women inject steroids into their muscles.	Lately, is the reason of muscles..	0
His becomes Version 1 of the report and is the report that fulfills compliance with the ARRA Section 1512 reporting requirements.	There is no causality between His and requirements..	1
His becomes Version 1 of the report and is the report that fulfills compliance with the ARRA Section 1512 reporting requirements.	His is the reason of requirements..	0
Headaches, dizziness, balance problems, and neck and back pain were caused by the work injury.	the work injury caused by neck and back pain	1
Headaches, dizziness, balance problems, and neck and back pain were caused by the work injury.	neck and back pain caused by the work injury	0
These later paintings explore non-figurative shapes and textures within a bare compositional space.	There is no causality between These and space..	1
These later paintings explore non-figurative shapes and textures within a bare compositional space.	These is the reason of space..	0
The crew assisted with the investigation and was in service for around an hour.	There is no causality between The and hour..	1
The crew assisted with the investigation and was in service for around an hour.	The is the reason of hour..	0
Maybe a few times my boobs have popped out of an outfit but that happens.	There is no causality between Maybe and happens..	1
Maybe a few times my boobs have popped out of an outfit but that happens.	Maybe is the reason of happens..	0
The treatment includes an aromatherapy mask and moisturizer.	There is no causality between The and moisturizer..	1
The treatment includes an aromatherapy mask and moisturizer.	The is the reason of moisturizer..	0
The round bedroom was the best part of this suite.	There is no causality between The and suite..	1
The round bedroom was the best part of this suite.	The is the reason of suite..	0
Well I still have a sore spot on my cheek bone and left joint.	There is no causality between Well and joint..	1
Well I still have a sore spot on my cheek bone and left joint.	Well is the reason of joint..	0
On the eve of the Olympics, the Times Online ran a story looking at disconcerting trends developing in the doping world.	There is no causality between On and world..	1
On the eve of the Olympics, the Times Online ran a story looking at disconcerting trends developing in the doping world.	On is the reason of world..	0
Discussion took place on the function of this Committee.	There is no causality between Discussion and Committee..	1
Discussion took place on the function of this Committee.	Discussion is the reason of Committee..	0
I used to get terrible headaches from sinus infections that resulted in taking antibiotics a few times a year.	sinus infections from terrible headaches	1
I used to get terrible headaches from sinus infections that resulted in taking antibiotics a few times a year.	terrible headaches from sinus infections	0
First Great Western is preparing to distribute thousands of leaflets on board its trains to inform customers about a major track improvement.	There is no causality between First and improvement..	1
First Great Western is preparing to distribute thousands of leaflets on board its trains to inform customers about a major track improvement.	First is the reason of improvement..	0
The Big Barn Farm friends discover a pile of junk.	There is no causality between The and junk..	1
The Big Barn Farm friends discover a pile of junk.	The is the reason of junk..	0
Flowers are nice, but don't last very long and the fruit in a fruit basket often goes bad.	There is no causality between Flowers and bad..	1
Flowers are nice, but don't last very long and the fruit in a fruit basket often goes bad.	Flowers is the reason of bad..	0
The citizens remained in their houses, and only vagabonds, the scum of various nationalities, and spies were about; women were not to be seen, or only such as belonged to the dregs of society.	There is no causality between The and society..	1
The citizens remained in their houses, and only vagabonds, the scum of various nationalities, and spies were about; women were not to be seen, or only such as belonged to the dregs of society.	The is the reason of society..	0
Judges wear the bench wig when they are sitting in court.	There is no causality between Judges and court..	1
Judges wear the bench wig when they are sitting in court.	Judges is the reason of court..	0
So, the theme of the play has to do with religion.	There is no causality between So, and religion..	1
So, the theme of the play has to do with religion.	So, is the reason of religion..	0
Most dieters are familiar with the usual weight loss formula: proper diet, adequate exercise, and a healthier lifestyle.	There is no causality between Most and lifestyle..	1
Most dieters are familiar with the usual weight loss formula: proper diet, adequate exercise, and a healthier lifestyle.	Most is the reason of lifestyle..	0
Before introducing Via in three test markets, the company told employees an elaborate story about its creation.	There is no causality between Before and creation..	1
Before introducing Via in three test markets, the company told employees an elaborate story about its creation.	Before is the reason of creation..	0
A programmer uses a high level language to implement its algorithms.	There is no causality between A and algorithms..	1
A programmer uses a high level language to implement its algorithms.	A is the reason of algorithms..	0
One of the most vivid portraits is that of Brookie Simmons, a white woman who fought to abolish child labor in a town factory.	There is no causality between One and factory..	1
One of the most vivid portraits is that of Brookie Simmons, a white woman who fought to abolish child labor in a town factory.	One is the reason of factory..	0
There was the glitter of admirals and generals before the high altar, and the brighter colors of the representatives of powers and potentates.	There is no causality between There and potentates..	1
There was the glitter of admirals and generals before the high altar, and the brighter colors of the representatives of powers and potentates.	There is the reason of potentates..	0
